in Iraq, e also spoke about the recent victories including the liberation of Wilayat Ninawa, the freeing of the prisoners of Ahlus- Sunnah, taking control of Mosul airport and Maliki’s army bases, the demolition of the Sykes-Picot borders thus opening the way between Iraq and Sham, and much more. In this regard, he stated: “We announce a new legacy of victories, further construction of the Islamic State and expansion of its territory.” 
In return, the Islamic State (may Allah honor it) requested from its dignified, Arab tribes, and in particular the tribe of Banu Sa’id, their backing, support, allegiance, advice, and du’a’. It also requested that they assist the Islamic State with their wealth, their sons, their men, their weapons, their strength and their opinion, and encourage their sons and their brothers to join the military body of the Islamic State. 
Indeed the millah of Ibrahim (‘alayhis-salam) has strongly re-emerged within the soul of the young Muslim muwahhid (monotheist), such that he believed in it, loved it, declared it openly, and worked in accordance with its requirements. By doing so, this young Muslim muwahhid was simply following those who had preceded him in iman from amongst the scholars whose knowledge and religious practice he trusted. 
restored his confidence in his religion and creed, especially with respect to the issue of openly disassociating oneself from the kuffar and mushrikin (polytheists). This is in contrast to those who for so long have bowed and prostrated submissively before the mushrikin and began preventing the people from openly displaying their religion in the midst of those who oppose them, falsely claiming that this was for the sake of global peace which the United Nations and the “divinely revealed faiths” called for. 
In a part of the hadith of Hudhayfah (radiyallahu ‘anh), the Prophet (sallallahu ‘alayhi wa sallam) said, “Stick to the jama’ah (congregation) of the Muslims and their imam.” I said, “And if they have neither a jama’ah nor an imam?” He said, “Then avoid every group, even if you have to bite onto the root of a tree until death reaches you while you’re in that condition.” [Reported by Al- Bukhari and Muslim] 
Qays Ibn Hazim narrated that Abu Bakr entered in on a woman from Ahmas called Zaynab and saw that she wasn’t speaking to anyone. He asked, “Why isn’t she speaking?” They said, “She vowed to perform Hajj without speaking to anyone.” He said to her, “Speak, for this is not permissible. This is from the deeds of jahiliyyah (pre- Islamic era).” So she began speaking, and asked him: “Who are you?” He said, “A man 
from the muhajirin (emigrants).” She asked, “Which muhajirin?” He said, “Quraysh”. She asked, “Which branch of Quraysh are you from?” He said, “You ask too many questions. I am Abu Bakr.” She asked, “How long will we remain in this good state of affairs that Allah has brought to us after jahiliyyah?” He said, “You’ll remain like this as long as your a’immah (leaders) treat you with justice.” She asked, “And what are the a’immah?” He said, “Didn’t your people have leaders and nobility whose orders they obeyed?” She said, “Yes.” He said, “They are the a’immah of the people.” [Recorded by Al-Bukhari] 
1 Note: al-Qurtubi then goes on to say, “The majority of scholars adopt the opinion that being patient with the oppressive ruler is more correct than rebelling against him, because rebelling against him replaces security with fear, causes the spilling of blood, releases the hands of the foolish [to do harm], allows for attacks to be carried out against Muslims, and spreads corruption upon Earth. The first opinion [allowing rebellion] is the opinion of a group of the Mu’tazilah and the opinion of the Khawarij, so be aware.” [end of quote] Rebellion against the oppressive Muslim ruler is also against the clear ahadith of the Prophet (sallallahu ‘alayhi wa sallam). Therefore, the verse indicates the prohibition of initially appointing an oppressive Muslim leader, but it does not authorize rebellion against him after his attainment of power. 
imamah mentioned Moreover, the in the above verse isn’t simply referring to imamah in religious affairs, as many would wish to interpret. Rather, it’s inclusive of imamah in political affairs, which many religious people have shunned and avoided on account of the hardship it entails itself and on account of the hardship entailed in working to establish it. Furthermore, the people today have failed to understand that imamah in religious affairs cannot be properly established unless the people of truth first achieve comprehensive political imamah over the lands and the people. 
As for an individual from this Ummah attempting to enjoy some limited freedoms in da’wah (preaching) under the rule of the tawaghit (kafir tyrants), or seeking protection from them for the purpose of conveying his da’wah, then he’s merely jumping out of the frying pan and into the fire. This is also akin to one who stretches his hands toward water (from afar, calling it) to reach his mouth, but it will never reach it (such). 
This environment had an effect on the du’at (callers to Allah), who began continually reassuring the people that the sincere ones amongst them had absolutely no aspirations towards positions of rule and authority. It was as if being a dai’yah (caller to Allah) subjugated in the prison of a taghut (tyrant ruling by manmade law) was a role to be satisfied with, as long as one was making takfir of the taghut and takfir of those fighting for the cause of taghut. This subjugated da’iyah would begin to favor this role over living freely in the shade of a Muslim imam, calling others to him, and helping to consolidate his position. 
Allah (subhanahu wa ta’ala) bestowed imamah upon his khalil (close friend) Ibrahim (‘alayhis-salam) as a gift. He says, {And (remember) when Ibrahim was tried by his Lord with certain words (i.e. commands) and he fulfilled them. (Allah) said, ‘Indeed, I will make you a leader for mankind.’ (Ibrahim) pleaded, ‘And also (leaders) from my offspring.’ (Allah) said, ‘My covenant does not include the wrongdoers.’} [Al- Baqarah: 124] 
Ibn Kathir (rahimahullah) states, “His (subhanahu wa ta’ala) statement: {with certain kalimat}, means with laws, commands, and prohibitions. The term “kalimat” can be used to refer to statements concerning the qadar (divine decree) of Allah. An example of this is the statement of Allah (subhanahu wa ta’ala) about Maryam, {and she believed in the kalimat (words) of her Lord and His scriptures and was of the devoutly obedient} [At-Tahrim: 12]. 
And upon them is to understand that The Islamic State – on account of what Allah has blessed it with of victory, consolidation and establishing the religion – is regarded as an unquestionable imamah. As such, anyone who rebels against its authority inside its territory is considered a renegade, and it is permissible to fight him after establishing the hujjah against him (i.e. clarifying his error to him with proof). 
Some of us were setting up our tents, others were competing in shooting arrows, and others were grazing their animals, when an announcer of the Messenger of Allah (sallallahu ‘alayhi wa sallam) called us to gather for prayer. We gathered around the Messenger of Allah (sallallahu ‘alayhi wa sallam) and he said, ‘Indeed, no messenger has come before except that it was his duty to guide his people to what he knew to be good for them, and warn them against what he knew to be bad for them. 
The wellness of this Ummah of yours is in its beginning. In its end, it will be afflicted with tribulations and with things that you disapprove. There will be tribulations, each one eclipsing the one before it in severity. There will be tribulations [so severe] that the believer will say, ‘This will be what destroys me.’ Then it will end, and another tribulation will follow, and the believer will say, ‘This is the one [that will actually destroy me]. This is it.’ 
Therefore, we will continue to obey the imam as long as he orders us to obey Ar-Rahman (the Most Merciful). But if he orders us to disobey Allah, then we won’t obey those orders. Likewise, we will strike the neck of anyone – whoever he may be – that attempts to usurp his leadership, and we will remain patient in the face of such tribulation with the help of Allah Al- Hakim (the Most Wise) and Al-Mannan (the Most Gracious). 
for indeed, whoever leaves the jama’ah by a hand span has removed the noose of islam from his neck unless he returns. and whoever calls to the call of jahiliyyah then he is from the gatherings of jahannam (hell).” they said, “o allah’s mes- senger, even if he fasts and prays?” he said, “even if he fasts, prays, and claims to be a muslim. so call the muslims by their names, by what allah named them: al-muslimin, al-mu’minin, ‘ibad allah (slaves of allah).” [ahmad and at-tIrmIdhI] 
Douglas A. Ollivant, former Director for Iraq at the US National Security Council, and Brian Fishman former Director of Research for the Combating Terrorism Center at West Point – two American crusaders – wrote an article titled “The Reality of the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria” a short time before the Islamic State’s liberation of Mosul as well as other important cities and towns in Iraq. Here are excerpts from the article. 
“Out of the crucible of the Syrian civil war and the discontent in Iraq’s Sunni regions, something new is emerging. The Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS) is no longer a state in name only. It is a physical, if extra- legal, reality on the ground. Unacknowledged by the world community, ISIS has carved a de facto state in the borderlands of Syria and Iraq. Stretching in a long ellipse roughly from al-Raqqah in Syria to Fallujah in Iraq (with many other non- contiguous “islands” of control in both Iraq and Syria), this former Al Qaeda affiliate holds territory, limited services, dispenses a form of justice (loosely defined), most definitely has an army, and flies its own flag.” provides 
jihad the muhajirin in Afghanistan against the During the communists, many of found themselves fighting a war similar to the one being fought in Sham now. Parties with different backgrounds fought a “common” enemy, ignoring all matters that distinguished them from each other, even if those matters were an obstacle in the pursuit of Khilafah. The biggest of these distinguishing factors were nationalism that tainted many of the banners and parties in Afghanistan, in addition to serious innovations that destroyed the creed and healthy body of the Muslim jama’ah required for reviving the Khilafah. 
These attacks will compel apostate forces to partially withdraw from rural territory and regroup in major urban regions.) The jama’ah would then take advantage of the situation by increasing the chaos to a point leading to the complete collapse of the taghut regime in entire areas, a situation some refer to as “tawahhush” (“mayhem”). The next step would be to fill the vacuum by managing the state of affairs to the point of developing into a full-fledged state, and continuing expansion into territory still under control of the taghut. This has always been the roadmap towards Khilafah for the mujahidin. 
Sadly, they are now opposed by the present leadership of famous jihad groups who have become frozen in the phase of nikayah attacks, almost considering the attainment of power to be taboo or destructive. And rather than entrusting the affairs of the Ummah to the pious mujahidin, the present heads of these groups insist upon leaving the matter out for grabs so that any munafiq can stretch out his arm and reach for the leadership of the Ummah only to destroy 
Thereafter, the hopes of Khilafah became an undeniable reality, one that allowed no room for anyone claiming any excuse to resist the authority of the imam except to be dealt with by the decisive law of Allah. The victories in Ninawa, al-Anbar, Salahuddin, al-Khayr, al-Barakah, and elsewhere, all aided the declaration made by the Islamic State on the first of Ramadan 1435H, in which the Khilafah was officially announced. This new condition opens the path for the complete unification of all Muslim peoples and lands under the single authority of the Khalifah. 
As the campaign of Asadullah Al-Bilawi pushes forward, the mujahidin of the Islamic State continue to liberate more and more territory, consolidate their gains and win the support of the masses.The past two weeks saw the successful liberation of a number of regions including Al-Qaim, 'Anah, Rutbah, and Rawah. May Allah continue to grant victory to Amirul-Mu'minin Abu Bakr Al-Baghdadi and the lions of the Islamic State. 
The first priority is to perform hijrah from wher- ever you are to the Islamic State, from dārul-ku- fr to dārul-Islām. Rush to perform it as Mūsā (‘alayhis-salām) rushed to his Lord, saying, {And I hastened to You, my Lord, that You be pleased} [Tāhā: 84]. Rush to the shade of the Islamic State with your parents, siblings, spouses, and children. There are homes here for you and your families. You can be a major contributor towards the liber- ation of Makkah, Madīnah, and al-Quds. Would you not like to reach Judgment Day with these grand deeds in your scales. 
Second, if you cannot perform hijrah for whatev- er extraordinary reason, then try in your location to organize bay’āt (pledges of allegiance) to the Khalīfah Ibrāhīm. Publicize them as much as possi- ble. Gather people in the masājid, Islamic centers, and Islamic organizations, for example, and make public announcements of bay’ah. Try to record these bay’āt and then distribute them through all forms of media including the Internet. It is neces- sary that bay’ah becomes so common to the aver- age Muslim that he considers those holding back as grossly abnormal. This effort, inshā’allah, will encourage Islamic groups to abandon their par- tisanship and also announce their bay’ah to the Khalīfah Ibrāhīm. 
lieved are allies of one another. If you do not do the same, there will be fitnah on earth and great cor- ruption} [Al-Anfāl: 73]. Second, it is a way to fill the hearts of the kuffār with painful agony. This is suffi- cient cause for you to rush towards this noble deed. {That is because they are not afflicted by thirst or fatigue or hunger in the cause of Allah, nor do they tread on any ground that enrages the disbelievers, nor do they inflict upon an enemy any infliction but that is registered for them as a righteous deed. In- deed, Allah does not allow to be lost the reward of the doers of good} [At-Tawbah: 120]. 
As for the massacres taking place in Gaza against the Mus- lim men, women, and children, then the Islamic State will do everything within its means to continue striking down every apostate who stands as an ob- stacle on its path towards Pal- estine. It is not the manner of the Islamic State to throw emp- ty, dry, and hypocritical words of condemnation and condo- lences like the Arab tawāghīt do in the UN and Arab League. Rather, its actions speak loud- er than its words and it is only until it burns the Crusader armies in Dabiq a matter of time and patience before it reaches Palestine to fight the barbaric jews and kill those of them hiding behind the gharqad trees – the trees of the jews. 
From amongst the polluted ideologies that have afflicted people the entire world over through- out the course of the tyranny carried out by the forces of kufr, is the notion that the people can choose whether to follow the truth or to em- bark upon falsehood. This ideology teaches that no one has the right, regardless of whom he may be, to impose any creed or set of morals on anyone else even if that creed or set of morals is the truth revealed by Allah. They went to the extent of attributing this “methodology of free choice” to the religion of Allah ta’ālā, and to the until it burns the Crusader armies in Dabiq call of the prophets, peace be upon them. pleased with giving the people a choice! 
The proponents of this ideology have portrayed the prophets of Allah incorrectly, making them out to be more akin to preachers and guides who have no authority over the masses at all or, at best, like political guides or opposition par- All praise is due to Allah; and may ty leaders with a message that opposes their Allah send blessings and peace peoples’ principles. These same people further upon His Messenger. portray the prophets as having only one tool at their disposal for changing the beliefs of their After a review of some of the comments people and era. This tool is what is referred to received on the first issues of Islamic State today as a “peaceful means of change.” It entails News and Islamic State Report, AlHayat displaying their methodology to the people and leaving them to choose for themselves, without any sort of pressure or force used against them, 
Then, when a group within the Ummah woke up and rejected this twisted methodology of giving people the choice between absolute truth and complete falsehood, the members of this group were stained by this polluted ideology, except for those whom Allah had mercy upon. This group believed that the people had a choice between right and wrong, but within the confines of the “truth”! In other words, they sufficed with removing blatant kufr from the field of choice and with letting different types of bid’ah and nifāq remain as valid options – bid’ah and nifāq whose true nature many Muslims can’t distinguish. They even believed some of the bid’ah and nifāq in question to be directly from the Sunnah, and anything apart from that to be extremism and excessiveness in the religion. Media Center decided to carry on the These new proponents of choice had forgotten that effort – in sha’allah – into a periodical many of the Ummah who held onto the name Islam magazine focusing on issues of tawhid, had left through their deeds much of Islam’s attributes. manhaj, hijrah, jihad, and jama’ah. Therefore, giving the people choice was no longer a possibility in this new state of affairs. Rather, It will also contain photo reports, current the guiding principle became that every time events, and informative articles on matters choice is allowed it will result in misguidance, related to the Islamic State. May Allah either in the present or in the future. 
what gives the issue further clarity is that when the conflict erupted between nūh and his people, and the day of the flood drew closer, the threat in nūh’s tone towards his people increased. In fact, he entirely abandoned the tone of debate that they were accustomed to, especially after being informed through revelation that no one else from among his people would believe from that day forward apart from those who had already be- lieved. 
those who ponder this verse will see that it destroys the methodology claiming people should be given choice. the verse also contains enmity and a warning of a punishment that will befit their actions. rather, this harsh tone of warning from the leader crushes the towers and foundations built by the theorizers for their new “freedom of choice” da’wah. For the threat of punishment and humiliation, in their view, is not a political or da’wah tool that is suitable for our times, nor does it further our goals – as they claim. rather the contrary, it’s an indication of the weakness of one’s argument in their view. so the essence and implication of their state- ment is to accuse the prophet of allah, nūh, of turning to the weaker means and abandoning a more superior and effective tool. 
then the flood came, the ark was saved and it landed on al-Jūdī. the callers to the meth- odology of “free choice” never contemplated the actual wisdom as to why the flood of nūh (‘alayhis-salām) became such a famous event, a report that reached the level of mutawātir (con- veyed by such a large number of narrators that it’s inconceivable they agreed upon a lie), and a parable frequently referred to even until this 
era. nor did they contemplate the fact that the mountain known as al-Jūdī is a promi- nent symbol in human history, nor the fact that the ark of nūh (‘alayhis-salām) is still a target of excavation by archaeologists from all over the world. so they contradict- ed themselves and didn’t succeed in har- monizing between the result of their poli- tics on one hand, and between commonly known and established scientific facts, historical relics, and social customs on the other. In fact, the people’s faith in these truths – in spite of their differing creeds – reached the extent that a wealthy chris- tian businessman named daniel McGivern was prepared to invest $900,000 to send a team of explorers to investigate a site be- 
“In his statement {and we made it a sign for the creation}, the pronoun “it” refers to the ark. allah made the ark a sign by making it evidence for the occurrence of the flood that punished those who rejected his messengers. so the ark became a manifest sign in the eras of all the nations to whom messengers were sent after nūh, serving as a warning to the disbelievers and as clear ev- idence for the believers. and allah caused the re- mains of the ark to survive up until the first gen- erations of the Muslim ummah. It is reported in sahīh al-bukhārī that Qatādah said, “the remains of the ark were on al-Jūdī and were seen by the 
“the reason allah said {a sign for the creation} which includes all inhabitants of the earth, is firstly, that anyone who doesn’t see the remains of nūh’s ark still sees other ships and thus re- members the ark of nūh, and the fact that it was constructed due to revelation from allah in order to save nūh and anyone else whom allah wished to save. secondly, it’s because the people resid- ing in the town of the ark keep narrating its story and it keeps being passed on, such that it reach- es the level of mutawātir (conveyed by such a large number of narrators that it’s inconceivable that they agreed upon a lie)” [at-tahrīr wat-tan- wīr, 20:223]. 
had the proponents of choice contemplated all this, they would have realized that the flood was a clear sign of the falseness of giving choice between truth and falsehood in da’wah. For the flood was the result and consequence of oppos- ing the truth, and evidence that anyone who re- jected the truth would be punished in the dunyā before the hereafter and would not have any choice in that regards. they would have also re- alized that the mountain was the sign of protec- tion and safety from the punishment for those who believed and followed the truth, and that the ark would always be a witness to two import- ant facts. the first is that only those who agreed with and followed the truth would be saved from the punishment in the dunyā, in contrast to those who opposed it. the second is that in every time and place, those who are saved from the punish- ment are a small group, whereas the majority are destroyed. 
rather, if one were to think that nūh (‘alay- his-salām) didn’t know about the flood before its arrival, he would be accusing himself of ignorance before attributing it to the prophet of allah, nūh. and if one were to think that nūh knew about the flood and completely concealed it from the people of his time so that he could continue to be characterized by the methodology of choice, and avoid the methodology of intellectual ter- rorism, he would be accusing the prophet nūh of tricking and deceiving those whom he was sent to in order to preserve his image before them – and nūh is completely innocent of such. never mind the fact that the Qur’an makes it clear that he issued the threat of punishment in response to the mocking he received from his people as he was building the ark. 
the gist of the issue is that the methodol- ogy of letting the people choose between truth and falsehood was not from the proph- et nūh’s manner of dealing with his people. he didn’t say to them, for example: “I have come to you with the truth, and your lead- ers are calling you to falsehood, so you are free to choose whether to follow me or to follow your leaders.” In fact, he didn’t even say anything to the effect of: “If you follow me then you would be correct, and if you follow your leaders then you would be mis- taken.” nor did he say anything to the effect of: “If you follow me you will be saved, and if you oppose me and follow your leaders then your reckoning is with allah, and I have done what is required of me and you are free to choose.” rather, he told them with full clarity: “It’s either me or the flood.” 
If someone were to say: “You extremists have applied the verses revealed regarding the kuffār and mushrikīn upon the Muslims of this era, and haven’t considered the difference between the two,” we would respond that describing many of the people of this era as Muslims because they say “lā ilāha illallāh” should not be an obstacle to seeing something the way it is or describing the situation as it deserves to be described. 
That is because many of those who say “La ilāha illallāh” have fallen into different shades of shirk at all levels, including shirk in tawassul and du’ā’, shirk in obedience, ruling and legislation, and shirk in love, support and allegiance. And if we were to unconditionally affirm the Islam of many people today, without understanding the reality of the different shades of shirk that they’ve fall- en into, we would be very far from reality, and would be satisfied with negligence and inaction rather than analyzing and correcting the situa- tion. And this is not from the characteristics of the believers. 
Indeed, the people today are like a hundred camels amongst which you almost can’t find any that are fit for riding. This makes the situa- tion of the people today similar to the situation of the prophets with their people in the past, since those who truly understand the da’wah of the prophets today are very few. As a result, we no longer find the state of Islamic af- fairs that existed in the generations of the sahābah, who were taught by the Prophet 
Muhammad (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam), nor in the generations of the rightly guided khulafā’ when there were many noble sahābah as leaders, judges and mil- itary commanders in the lands of the Muslims, nor in the generations of those who lived during the jihād against Persia and Rome, the conquests of Shām, Iraq and Khurasān, and the emergence of Muslim reign and its expansion to Al-Andalus in the west during the era of the Umawiyyīn, nor in the generations in which the scholars competed with and debated one another freely – as did their followers who came after them – in areas of furū’ (fiqh issues), after the fundamental issues had become established amongst the people in their state of affairs. For there was no baathism, sec- ularism, liberalism, democracy or anything else that would contradict the essence of tawhīd. 
On the authority of ‘Imrān Ibn Husayn (radi- yallāhu ‘anhumā) who stated that Allah’s Messenger (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) said: “The best of my Ummah are those of my generation, and then those who follow after them, and then those who follow af- ter them.” ‘Imrān said: “I do not remem- ber whether he mentioned two or three generations after his generation.” Then the Prophet added, “There will come after you, people who will bear witness without being asked to do so, and will be treacherous and untrustworthy, and they will vow and nev- er fulfill their vows, and obesity will appear among them.” [Al-Bukhārī #3693 and Mus- lim #6638] 
Ibn Hajar says: “They agreed that the last of the atbā’ut-tābi’īn (the second generation following the Prophet’s generation) whose words were held in regard, were those who lived up to approximately 220 Hijrī. It was at this time that many innovations began to ap- pear, the Mu’tazilah began to speak openly, the philosophers began to rear their heads, and the people of knowledge were tried with the issue of the creation of the Qur’ān. The situation changed drastically and has continued to degenerate even until now, and the statement of the Prophet, ‘Then lies will spread,’ became very apparent, to the extent that these lies encompassed statements, ac- tions and beliefs. And we seek Allah’s help” [Fathul-Bārī, 6:7]. 
So until we return to the correct state of Islamic af- fairs, it’s upon us all to work together to eradicate the principle of “free choice,” and to not deceive the people in an attempt to seek their pleasure, neither by calling to “free choice” directly, nor by alluding to it indirectly. Rather, we must confront them with the fact that they’ve turned away from the religion, while we hold onto it, grasping its purity, its clarity, its com- prehensiveness, without any blemishes due to shirk, misguidance or heresy, and that we’re completely ready to stand in the face of anyone who attempts to divert us from our commitment to making the religion of Allah triumphant over all other religions, and that we will continue to fight the people of deviation and misguidance until we die trying to make the religion triumphant. 
In the 1970s, a group of students led by Abdul- lah Ocalan founded a communist political orga- nization called the Kurdistan Workers’ Party, or PKK, with the goal of establishing an independent marxist state. Thirty years ago, the PKK began an armed conflict against Turkey in an effort to ad- vance their goals. The conflict continued on and off with occasional ceasefires until 2013, when the PKK announced the end of hostilities after lengthy negotiations between the apostates Erdogan and Ocalan. 
The Islamic State did not hesitate to wage war against the communist murtaddīn of the PKK/ YPG, while simultaneously continuing their fight against the nusayrī regime and the sah- wāt. There are presently a number of fronts in the Islamic State being defended against the Kurdish communists in both Iraq and Shām. The month of Ramadān saw numerous operations taking place against the PKK and their Iraqi counterparts, the Peshmerga. The following is an account of some of the operations carried out by the mujahidīn. 
assault began in the morning and included a group of inghimāsiyyīn plunging into the enemy ranks, with support from the mortar team, a tank, a BMP, a 23 millimeter gun, and some doshkas. The muja- hidīn killed many PKK soldiers, with around 20 of their corpses being removed from the battlefield. They then advanced to a position on high ground called “the home of Ahmad Munīr,” which over- looks the town of Jarāblus. 
Numerous weapons were captured as ghanīmah, including assault rifles, PKC machine guns, RPG launchers and rounds, a sniper rifle and a night vi- sion scope. During the course of the battle there was one shahīd and a number of light injuries. This battle was just one of a number of successful ad- vances made against the PKK on numerous fronts, including the capture of the village of Kindār and a number of other villages adjacent to it on the western front of Tal Abyad on the 11th of Ra- madān, with the advance continuing towards ‘Ayn Al-’Arab. This was in addition to a number of op- erations against the PKK within their main strong- holds, including istishhādi operations carried out against the PKK/Peshmerga murtaddīn in both Iraq and Shām, as well as a number of PKK vehicles blown up by the Islamic State’s undercover cells in Wilāyat Al-Barakah, all leading to many of their apostate soldiers being killed. 
In the month of Jumādā al-Ūlā 1435 (March 2014), Shaykh Abū Muhammad al-‘Adnānī (ha- fidhahullāh) made his famous speech titled “La’natullāhi ‘Alal Kādhibīn” (May the Curse of Allah Be Upon the Liars) in which he called the leadership of the Jawlānī Front to a mubāhalah (supplicating Allah for His curse to be upon the deceitful party) after Abū ‘Abdillāh ash-Shāmī – a member of the Jawlānī “shar’ī” leadership – officially declared the Islamic State to be more extreme than the original khawārij in a lengthy speech. The call was answered by ash-Shāmī and he did so on behalf of the leadership of his party – the Jawlānī Front. 
In his speech, Shaykh Abū Muhammad al-‘Ad- nānī said – after mentioning some of the accu- sations made by ash-Shāmī and declaring them to be fabrications against the Islamic State, “O Allah, whoever is the liar, then make Your curse come upon him, show us a sign regarding him, and make an example out of him.” He then said, “O Allah, whoever conspires against jihād and the mujāhidīn, then make his plot backfire, re- veal his secrets, expose his intentions, and make an example out of him for those who heed. O Allah, subject them to the authority of diseas- es and disasters.” This second supplication was made before by Shaykh Abū Mus’ab az-Zarqāwī (rahimahullāh) in his speech “Fasayakfīkahu- mullāh” (Allah Will Be Sufficient for You against 
Then in the month of Jumādā al-Ākhirah 1435 (April 2014), Shaykh Abū Muhammad al-‘Adnānī reaffirmed the mubāhalah in his speech “Mā Kāna Hādhā Manhajunā wa Lan Yakūn” (This Was Not Our Methodology Nor Will It Ever Be) saying, “O Allah, if this is a state of khawārij, then break its back, kills its leaders, make its flag fall, and guide its soldiers to the truth. O Allah, and if it is a state of Islam that rules by Your book and the tradition of Your prophet, and performs jihād against your enemies, then keep it firm, strengthen it, support it, grant it authority in the land, and make it a kh- ilāfah upon the prophetic methodology.” He then said, “O Allah, deal with everyone who has split the rank of the mujāhidīn, divided their word, de- lighted the kuffār, angered the believers, and set the jihād back many years.” 
Alhamdulillāh, the mujāhidīn have been the firmest in believing in the legality of mubāhalah. Shaykh ‘Abdul-Karīm al-Humayd (may Allah keep him firm and release him from imprisonment) wrote an excellent treatise titled “Al-Mashāyikh al-Judud wa Da’watuhum ilal Mubāhalah” (The New Mashāyikh and Calling Them to Mubāhalah) in which he clarified the proofs for the matter and called the so-called “Committee of Elder Scholars” as well as Salmān al-‘Awdah and Nāsir al-‘Umar to a mubāhalah, after they repeatedly labelled the mujāhidīn “khawārij” and invited the Palestinians to participate in the shirkī religion of democracy by voting for Hamas! The following discussion on mubāhalah is mostly taken from his treatise. 
The main proof for the legality of mubāhalah is the verses: {Indeed, the example of Jesus to Allah is like that of Adam. He created Him from dust; then He said to him, “Be,” and he was. The truth is from your Lord, so do not be among the doubt- ers. Then whoever argues with you about it after knowledge has come to you – say, “Come, let us call our sons and your sons, our women and your women, ourselves and yourselves, then suppli- cate earnestly and invoke the curse of Allah upon the liars”} [Āl ‘Imrān: 59-61]. 
{Whoever is in error}, meaning from amongst us and amongst you. {Let ar-Rahmān lengthen for him an extension} meaning, that Allah leaves him in his condition, until he meets his Lord and his term elapses. {Either punishment} afflicts him, {or the Hour} comes to him suddenly. {They will come to know} then, {who is worst in position and weaker in soldiers}, meaning in contrast to their claim of good position and assembly.” 
“This is the mubāhalah for the mushrikīn who claim that they are upon guidance with regards to their religion, as Allah ta’ālā also mentioned the mubāhalah for the jews in His words, {Say, “O you who are jews, if you claim that you are allies of Allah, excluding the [other] people, then wish for death, if you should be truthful”} [Al-Jumu’ah: 6], meaning supplicate for death to befall the one upon falsehood amongst us or amongst you; if you claim that you are upon truth, then du’ā’ cannot harm you. But they retreated from this invitation” [Tafsīr Ibn Kathīr]. 
Ibnul-Qayyim also said – commenting on the sto- ry of the christian delegation from Najrān, “[You also learn from this story] that when debating the people of falsehood and Allah’s proof is estab- lished against them, yet they do not turn back, rather they insist upon stubborn opposition, it is then the Sunnah to call them to mubāhalah. Al- lah (subhānah) ordered His messenger with such, and He did not say, ‘This does not apply to your Ummah after you.’ His cousin ‘Abdullāh Ibn ‘Abbās (radiyallāhu ‘anhumā) also called to mubāhalah when some censured him regarding some matters of furū’, and none of the Sahābah criticized him for mubāhalah. Al-Awzā’ī called Sufyān ath-Thawrī to it over the matter of raising hands, and no one criticized him for such. Thus the mubāhalah entails fully establishing the proof” [Zād al-Ma’ād]. 
The mubāhalah also does not have a specific word- ing. For example, Ibn Hajar called a proponent of the heretic Ibn ‘Arabī to mubāhalah. He told him to say, “O Allah, if Ibn ‘Arabī is upon deviance, then curse me with Your curse.” Ibn Hajar in turn said, “O Allah, if Ibn ‘Arabī is upon guidance, then curse me with Your curse.” After two months, the here- tic was afflicted with blindness and then died. As- Sakhāwī – Ibn Hajar’s student – reported this in his book “Al-Qawl al-Mubnī.” 
clude the honorable death of shahādah), disease, exodus, or poverty. When it occurs between two parties, then triumph for one party and defeat for the other are obvious outcomes. This outcome shows more clearly which party is the deceitful party, than merely having an individual member of one of the two parties demise in a condition of disgrace. So how much more does it become clear when the deceitful party threatened to eradicate its rival altogether with the so-called “Lions of the East”?! 
part 3: After this discussion, it is important to remem- ber that the mujāhidīn are from the people with the most proper creed, especially concerning Allah’s names, attributes, and actions. Because their creed is that of Ahlus-Sunnah, they believe that Allah’s actions are truly characterized by justice, wisdom, mercy, and grace, contrary to the Ashā’irah who believe that wisdom “limits” Allah with regards to His actions, therefore they don’t truly attribute wisdom to Him, never mind mercy, which they distort to mean merely “in- tending good” for the creation. Some of these mutakallimīn (innovators of theological rheto- ric) even believed that Allah might decree pro- phetic miracles to occur at the hands of a liar claiming prophethood, and the only proof of his falsehood would be someone countering his claim with miracles similar but opposing that of the liar ! Other mutakallimīn from the mu’tazi- lah deny the reality of karāmātul-awliyā’ , and perhaps the Jawlānī Front and their allies adopt this creed, exaggerate it, and expand it to deny the results of any mubāhalah after the passing away of the Prophet (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sal- lam). 2 1 
Finally, the problem with the opponents of the Islamic State is that they treat mubāhalah and slander like a childish game. While for the leaders and soldiers of the Islamic State, to accuse Muslims with baseless lies and haughtily make mubāhalah over such is a se- rious matter that entails bringing about the wrath of al-Jabbār (the Powerful). Allah ta’ālā said – as in the qudsī hadīth, “Whoever bares enmity towards a walī of Mine, then I have 3 declared war against him” [Sahīh al-Bukhārī]. Wallāhul musta’ān. 
2 the “wonders” that appear at the hands of awliyā’ (persons close to allah). shaykhul-Islām Ibn taymiyyah (rahimahullāh) said in al-wāsitiyyah, “and from the usūl (principles) of ahlus-sunnah is to believe in the karāmāt of the awliyā’.” For this reason al-lālikā’ī dedicated a section in his famous book “sharh usūl I’tiqād ahlus-sunnah” to the matter of karāmātul-awliyā’, in which he reported more than two hundred relevant narrations from the prophet (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) and the salaf. 
After this mubāhalah, a number of issues quickly came to light. First of which, some of the stories that ash- Shāmī used to claim that the Islamic State resisted Al- lah’s Sharī’ah were shown to be fabrications and dis- tortions, especially the claim that the Islamic State had asked adh-Dhawāhirī to arbitrate between itself and the Jawlānī rebels. Allah decreed that adh-Dhawāhirī himself would negate ash-Shāmī in a speech (sadly his negation and speech themselves were also distortions of reality). 
Secondly, many of the major allies of the Jawlānī Front – especially the so-called Jayshul-Mujāhidīn and the Is- lamic Front – quickly exposed the reality of their creeds and methodologies. On “the 18th of March 2014,” Jayshul-Mujāhidīn released a statement referring to hijāb as a personal freedom! A month later they flaunted their reception of As’ad al-Mustafā – the Defense Minister for the Syrian National Coalition’s interim government! Bear in mind that ash-Shāmī had mentioned Jayshul-Mu- jāhidīn in his speech and testified to their “proper” creed and manhaj, claiming that the Jawlānī Front understood them better than the Islamic State due to the close rela- tionship the Jawlānī Front had with Jayshul-Mujāhidīn! Ash-Shāmī said, “I perform mubāhalah and say that you examine the people on their creed. The proof for this is your setting of conditions to accept Shaykh al-Muhay- sinī’s initiative. This in general is a form of examining people’s creeds, not any people, rather that of the best people. I mean the mujāhidīn including the different mu- jāhid groups like the Islamic Front, Jayshul-Mujāhidīn, and others” [The Mubāhalah]. Ash-Shāmī also said, “De- scribing the fighting taking place as a battle between the Dawlah group on one side and those who stand with Jar- bā and Idrīs [two SNC leaders] on the other, is far from the truth. Those who carried the greatest burden of fight- ing the Dawlah group in the north are the Islamic Front and Jayshul-Mujāhidīn. […] As for the Islamic Front and Jayshul-Mujāhidīn – two major sides in the battle against the Dawlah group – then it hasn’t been conformed to us that they’ve fallen into aposta- sy. We know their condition better than the Daw- 
As for the Islamic Front, they released numerous statements referring to the tawāghīt of the Arabs as “friends of Syria.” They also renewed their commit- ment to respect ALL religious sects in Syria without exception, which would include the Nusayriyyah, the Ismā’īliyyah, the Yazīdiyyah, and the Durūz. When the secularist “Islamists” of Turkey won the recent elections, Islamic Front leaders congratu- lated the Erdogan secularists upon their renewed apostasy. Finally, they released a document titled “Mīthāq ash-Sharaf ath-Thawrī” (The Revolution- ist Covenant of Honor), which was signed by them and numerous other groups including Jayshul-Mu- jāhidīn. The covenant reads like a secularist decla- ration with commitments free of Islam. It led some of the biggest supporters of the Islamic Front – so- called “theorists” – to renounce the covenant and call upon the Islamic Front leadership to release a retraction! 
Worse yet, the Jawlānī Front entered into alliances with secularist parties including the military coun- cils belonging to the Military General Staff of the Syrian National Coalition, especially in the eastern region of Syria. After the final break up of Mishmish (The “Shūrā” Assembly for the Eastern Region), the Jawlānī Front’s biggest allies began to openly renew their call to the Syrian National Coalition and the “Friends of Syria” to arm them and support them in their war against the Islamic State! 
Throughout this period, footage of al-Harārī (the main “shar’ī” of the Jawlānī Front) was released showing him to claim that he was the founder of the Nusrah Front and the man most wanted by Ameri- ca! His words were saturated with riyā’, nifāq, and idiocy. A former prisoner from the Islamic State was released and testified that al-Harārī had coerced him to make a recorded denunciation of the Islamic State (issued by the Jawlānī Front) and asked him to contact the sahwāt of Iraq and their leader Ibrāhīm ash-Shummarī to coordinate between them and the Jawlānī Front in their battle against the Islamic 
State! This report was strengthened by al-Harārī’s twitter “apology” to the people of Iraq, where he claims he had wronged them by labelling the treacherous apostate parties as sahwāt! In addition to all this, the words of the Jawlānī leadership are filled with implied and indirect slandering of Abū ‘Umar al-Baghdādī and Abū Hamzah al-Muhājir, for no one fought the sahwāt of Iraq except the Islamic State under the leadership of these two men. And these two men and the state that they established were praised by Shaykh Usāmah Ibn Lādin (rahima- hullāh) as well as the rest of the former al-Qā’idah leadership. 
In addition to all this, the sahwāt and their Jawlānī allies withdrew from large sections of Halab, Homs, Dimashq, and al-Lādhiqiyyah. These same sahwāt had bragged for months that they would liberate the prisoners in the Central Prison of Halab, which is no longer under siege. They had boasted pomp- ously when they took the border town of Kasab, from which they later withdrew. And they would slander the Islamic State using the superficial tri- umphs of the sahwah and the reports of Qatari and Saudi media as their “proof” that the sahwah was the only entity waging war against the nusayriyyah. 
Furthermore, the Jawlānī Front more and more op- erates like gangs without any central leadership. Al- though the man they claim to be their top leader – adh-Dhawāhirī – orders them to stop using any “human bombs” against Muslims, they continue to use this tactic against their opponents, even if their opponents had only recently left them, as occurred in Albū Kamāl. In the announcement on the forma- tion of Mishmish, it was declared that after some months the components of Mishmish – which in- cludes the Jawlānī Front formerly located in Wilāyat al-Khayr – would dissolve into this new entity. Reg- ularly, reports are heard of local leaders from the Jawlānī Front entering into alliances with secularist and saudi-backed groups in some regions as other local leaders withdraw from alliances in other re- gions, without any uniformity present in any decision taken, as if the head of their central leadership was severed. The most blatant contradictions also appeared when 
they adopted positions which they formerly criti- cized the Islamic State on, including the targeting of armed opposition that operate like gangsters plun- dering the wealth of the Muslims, and declarations censuring military and political organizations direct- ly and indirectly belonging to the nationalist oppo- sition including the “shar’ī” commissions. These are things the Islamic State had done for a long time while being denounced by the Jawlānī Front for changing the direction of the “revolution” and jihād, which – according to them before – should only be against the nusayriyyah. 
in Washington – it advances from victory to victo- ry. It liberated all the eastern region of Syria from the sahwāt. It liberated the wilāyāt of Nīnawā and al-Anbār as well as vast regions of other wilāyāt. It caused the safawi army to disband, disperse, and disappear. It killed rāfidah (“Muslims” according to the new al-Qā’idah leadership) by the thousands. It kept to its promise and destroyed the border ob- stacles that formerly separated the lands of Iraq from Shām. Its numbers continue to grow. It an- nounced the Khilāfah and people have begun to pledge allegiance to it in Algeria, Sudan, Indonesia, the Philippines, Waziristan, and other places. All this is from Allah alone, for the Islamic State would be nothing if left to itself. And yet the sahwah allies insist that division is better for the Ummah while having no practical political aspirations for Islam! Wallāhul musta’ān. 
Ibnul-Qayyim (rahimahullāh) said, “I will mention a debate that occurred between me and some jews. I said to one of them – after he had denied the prophet- hood of the Prophet, ‘Your denial of his prophethood entails slandering the Lord of the universe, belittling Him, and attributing to Him the worst of all blem- ishes. Before the discussion with you was about the Messenger and now it is about the Lord ta’ālā being free of all imperfections.’ He said, ‘How can you say such?’ So I said to him, ‘Clarifying such is my respon- sibility, so listen now. You claim that he was not a messenger rather he was a conqueror king who con- quered the people by his sword until they yielded to him. And he spent 23 years lying against Allah and saying, ‘I was revealed to,’ and he was not revealed to. ‘He commanded me,’ and He did not command him. ‘He forbade me [from do- 
condition, sees and witnesses him, or not. So if you claim that all this is away from Allah, and He did not know of it, then you have slandered the Lord ta’ālā and attributed extreme ignorance to Him, since He did not hear of this great event, nor know of it, nor see it. And if you claim that rather this occurred with His knowledge, awareness, and under His vision, you will be asked if He was able to change such, hold him back, and prevent him, or not. If you say that He was incapable of such, you have attributed weakness to Him and negated His rubūbiyyah, thereby this hu- man along with his followers were more capable of achieving their desires. And if you say that rather He was capable but He consolidated him, supported him, gave him mastery over the creation, and did not sup- port His awliyā’ and the followers of His messengers, then you have attributed to Him the worst of foolish- ness, oppression, and lack of wisdom. That would be the case if He merely allowed him to do what he did. So what if He Himself was his support, the answer- er of his supplications, the destroyer of those oppos- ing and contradicting him, the confirmer of his claim with many forms of sanction, and the revealer of signs upon his hands – signs that if the people of the earth were all to gather and work together, they would not be able to produce just one of such signs and would fail in doing so. And at every moment He creates for him causes of victory, consolidation, ascension, and abundance of followers, in a manner that is abnor- mal?” 
“I then said to him, ‘This is not contradicted by the oppressive kings that Allah granted with consolida- tion upon the earth for a period of time and then He destroyed their existence, annihilated their tra- ditions, and erased their traces and tyranny, for they had not practiced any of this, nor were they aided and supported. Nor did signs appear at their hands. Nor did the Lord ta’ālā confirm them with His consent, actions, or speech. Rather their con- dition was like Pharaoh, Nimrod, and their likes – opposite of that of the Messenger.” 
“This is also not contradicted by the claimants of prophethood from amongst the liars. Rather their condition is opposite of that of the Messen- ger from every angle. Instead, their condition was from the clearest of proofs confirming the truth- fulness of the Messenger. It was from the wisdom of Allah (subhānah) that the likes of these came out to existence so that the condition of the liars became apparent and distinct from that of the truthful. Therefore, their appearance was from the clearest of proofs for the truthfulness of the messengers and showed the difference between these liars and the messengers, because things be- come clear when their opposites appear. And the good of something is shown by its opposite. Thus, awareness of the doubts used to argue falsehood directs one to the truth and its proofs.’” 
Although this excerpt is related to prophethood – a matter undeniably greater than the one being dis- cussed – it helps one understand the reality of Allah’s wisdom and the manifestation of this wisdom in His ac- tions. Mubāhalah is a matter raised to Allah so that He judges between two parties and exposes the deceitful party that claims it is upon truth when in fact it is upon falsehood and lies. In light of the mubāhalah, it is not befitting Allah that two parties – both claiming proper religious methodology, opposing each other, and accus- ing each other of major deviance – perform mubāhalah and then He blesses the deceitful party deserving curs- es while He curses the noble party deserving blessings (even completely crushing the “blessed” party at the hands of the “cursed” party). He then makes these outcomes so visible for people to witness, especially when the scholars have mentioned that the results of mubāhalah materialize any time within a year from the date of the mubāhalah, usually shortly after its recital. Also, this discussion refutes the claims of the partisan Hānī as-Sibā’ī and his likes who claim that triumph is never an indication of proper manhaj, and this is be- cause the triumphs and defeats being discussed are from the aftermath of the mubāhalah, not utterly re- moved from any context. 
These four pillars push the person and party to commit kufr. How so? Arrogance and envy are what pushed Iblīs to resist prostrating to Ādam after he was ordered to by Allah. He then angrily promised to wage war against Ādam and his offspring de- spite knowing that he would be burnt in Hellfire. Arrogance and envy also prevented the Israelites from accepting Islam, believing that the final mes- senger should only be from them. 
Abū ‘Umar al-Baghdādī (rahimahullāh) mentioned that one of the main components of the Iraqi sah- wah was “A group of the envious who were driven by the fact that many of their members and bri- gades rushed to aid, support, and pledge allegiance to the Islamic State. This is because the soul’s na- ture is to love supremacy and it does not like any- thing to be more superior to it. […] So they turned people away from jihād fī sabīlillāh because of what their hearts contain of hate and envy towards the true believers and because of what their hearts contain of fear and panic dislocating their hearts. Therefore, they called their companions and tribes to comfort and ease, even if such entailed allying with the kāfirīn and disavowing from Allah, His Messenger, and the believers. They placed their hands in the hands of the Arab tawāghīt imploring them for support, using sharp tongues against the people of the religion, claiming they only wanted to expel the occupation” [Qul Innī ‘Alā Bayyinatin Min Rabbī]. 
the apostates – like the Syrian National Coalition brigades and the Salūlī (Saudi) Front – against the “khawārij” and why such isn’t kufr – or so he claims. He alleges either that the apostates are ignorant “Muslims” pronouncing kufr to trick the secularists and crusaders into arming them, or he claims that his alliances are a form of merely seeking the aid of the apostates against the “khawārij” which he claims can never be kufr regardless of the condition of the parties involved. 
Their case is like that of one who whimsically gath- ers the different opinions of the scholars. He puts them into an equation which equals kufr, like some- one who commits kufr for the sake of military aid. He would see that some scholars allowed the de- lay of the prayer during battle past the time of the prayer. He sees that some scholars don’t make takfīr of the one who abandons prayers occasionally. He sees that some scholars consider a real threat with torture to be ikrāh (coercion). He sees that some “scholars” deviantly innovated the opinion that kufr can be committed for “the sake of jihād”! Then he combines the different factors into an equation and decides he can abandon his prayers, wear a cross, and call to democracy for the sake of “saving” the people and “defending” them. 
“Whoever wants to know how a mujāhid group fī sabīlillah becomes a militant group fighting fī sabīlit-tāghūt, then let him review history, and let him know that a man’s love for leadership, wealth, and personal opinion becomes pride. Pride becomes envy. Envy becomes arrogance. Arrogance becomes hatred. Hatred becomes en- mity. Enmity becomes contradiction of the rival. The contradiction begins with hiding tawhīd, dis- playing deviant ambiguity, avoiding the muwah- hidīn, and compromising with the mushrikīn. Thereafter it becomes open kufr and war, follow- ing desires and holding on to doubts, unless Al- lah saves the slave with His mercy” [Quoted from a ‘Abwah Lāsiqah article]. 
I come to the floor this morning with great sorrow and great concern and even deep alarm about the events that are transpiring rapidly in Iraq. ISIS the most extreme, Islamist organization – radical terrorist organization – now controls at least 1/3 of Iraqi territory and is rapidly gaining more. The areas of Fallujah, Mosul, Tikrit, they are on the outsides of Samarra… with these victories ISIS controls a swath of ter- ritory that stretches from the Syri- an-Turkish frontier in the north, down the Euphrates river, all the way down to the Iraqi city of Fallujah just forty miles west of Baghdad. And of course, hourly they are experiencing greater gains while the Iraqi military and po- lice seem to be dissolving before our very eyes. ISIS social media published pictures of their fighters demolishing the sand berm, which hitherto marked the border between Syria and Iraq – an interesting symbolic gesture. They also released… ISIS released footage of large numbers of weapons and ar- mored military vehicles being received by members in Eastern Syria, con- firming fears that the looted weapons would fuel the insurgency on both sides – both Syria and Iraq. Sources in the Syrian city of Hasakah confirmed that large numbers of trucks – conveys of trucks – arrived late on Tuesday and were met by senior ISIS figure Omar al-Checheni. 
Wilāyat nīnawā – Ramadān 25 Following a battle with the Peshmerga murtaddīn that lasted for hours, the soldiers of the Islamic State liberated “The State Company for Drug Industries and Medical Appliances” as well as the surrounding area, north of the city of Mosul. During the course of the battle, the mujāhidīn took a number of Peshmerga fighters as prisoners, and captured a large quantity of drugs and medical supplies that were monopolized by the company, and will go a long way towards fulfilling the medical needs of the Muslims. 
Wilāyat Ar-Raqqah – Ramadān 26 The soldiers of the Islamic State carry out an assault on the nusayrī regime’s Division 17 army base outside the city of Ar-Raqqah and succeed in capturing it. During the course of the battle, two istishhādi attacks were carried out by Abū Suhayb Al-Jazrāwī and Khattāb Al-Jazrāwī. The lions of the Islamic State advanced and continued capturing one position after another until the entire base fell under their control in less than two days. The masājid of Ar-Raqqah made takbīrāt on the 27th night of Ramadān, announcing the capture of Division 17. Numerous enemy soldiers fled from the base in terror and were subsequently rounded up in nearby villages and executed by the mujāhidīn. The hands of the mujāhidīn soaked in the blood of the filthy nusayriyyah are a testament to the jihād of the Islamic State against Bashar and his minions. The fall of Division 17 in Wilāyat Ar-Raqqah, the capture of the 121st Regiment base in Wilāyat Al-Barakah, the capture of the Shā’ir gas field in Homs, the siege against the nusayrī forces in Al-Khayr city and its airport as well as Kuwayris and Tabaqah Military Airports, amongst other ribāt positions and assaults against the regime, all contradict the lies of the sahwāt who claim that the Islamic State doesn’t fight the nusayriyyah. While the sahwāt leaders are busy selling their areas of control to the regime, the soldiers of the Islamic State, whose hearts are devoid of any mercy towards the nusayriyyah, are busy terrorizing them, chasing them out of their strongholds and herding them to their deaths. 
3) The US had killed women, children, and the elderly, during its direct occupation of Iraq prior to its withdrawal. There are countless accounts of American soldiers executing families and rap- ing women under the sanctity of the US military and Blackwater. Muslim families were killed un- der the broad definition of “collateral damage,” which the US grants itself alone the right to ap- ply. Therefore, if a mujāhid kills a single man with a knife, it is the barbaric killing of the “innocent.” However, if Americans kill thousands of Muslim families all over the world by pressing missile fire buttons, it is merely “collateral damage”… 
tHe isLamic state Before aL-maLHamaH (THe immigranTs To THe land oF malāHim) The Imām, Abū Mus’ab az-Zarqāwī (may Allah ac- cept him) said: “So I swear by the One to Whom I will return, that there is no real jihād in Iraq ex- cept with the presence of the muhājirīn, the sons of the generous ummah, those who have left their tribes, those who bring victory to Allah and His Messenger (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam). So be- ware of losing them, for with their departure will be the departure of your strength, and the de- parture of the barakah and pleasure of jihād. You need them and they need you” [Ayanqusuddīn wa Ana Hayy]. 
Were the muwahhid to search every book au- thored by the historians, he would not find men- tion of any state similar to the Islamic State, par- ticularly as it exists following its revival under the wing of Amīrul-Mu’minīn Abū Bakr (may Allah support him and keep him firm). For has any state ever been established in human history in the manner that the Islamic State was revived1 with its expansion into Shām? until it burns the Crusader armies in Dabiq Contemplate – may Allah have mercy upon you – the states that existed throughout history, both the Muslim states and the mushrik states. Were any of them established by the emigration of poor strangers from the East and the West, who then gathered in an alien land of war and pledged alle- giance to an “unknown” man, in spite of the po- litical, economic, military, media, and intelligence war waged by the nations of the world against their religion, their state, and their hijrah? And in spite of the fact that they did not have any com- mon “nationality,” ethnicity, language, or worldly interests, nor did they have any prior acquain- tance! This phenomenon is something that has _____________ 1 The Islamic State was established and announced in Iraq. Its domination and consolidation was then revived through its expansion into Shām, by Allah’s grace and bounty. marriage, _____________ 2 This contrast between the Islamic State today and the state of Media Center decided to carry on the Madīnah in the time of the Prophet (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) and his Companions is not to suggest that the khalaf (later Muslims) are effort – in sha’allah – into a periodical better than the Salaf (early Muslims), for these are historically related differences, not indicators of religious preference. Ibnul-Qayyim (ra- magazine focusing on issues of tawhid, himahullāh) makes a similar contrast, saying, “Rather, the true Islam, manhaj, hijrah, jihad, and jama’ah. which Allah’s Messenger (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) and his Compan- ions were upon, is something far stranger today than it was when it first emerged” [Madārijus-Sālikīn]. It will also contain photo reports, current Also similar to this is the hadīth that states, “He from among them who events, and informative articles on matters does good deeds will receive the reward of fifty [of you]…” [reported by Abū Dāwūd and at-Tirmidhī] and likewise the hadīth that states, “My related to the Islamic State. May Allah brothers are those who believed in me without having seen me…” [re- ported by Imām Ahmad]. Finally, the companions have virtues that will never be attained by any individual after them regardless of how hard he works or how much he strives. All praise is due to Allah; and may Allah send blessings and peace upon His Messenger. After a review of some of the comments received on the first issues of Islamic State News and Islamic State Report, AlHayat 
marriage, _____________ 2 This contrast between the Islamic State today and the state of Media Center decided to carry on the Madīnah in the time of the Prophet (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) and his Companions is not to suggest that the khalaf (later Muslims) are effort – in sha’allah – into a periodical better than the Salaf (early Muslims), for these are historically related differences, not indicators of religious preference. Ibnul-Qayyim (ra- magazine focusing on issues of tawhid, himahullāh) makes a similar contrast, saying, “Rather, the true Islam, manhaj, hijrah, jihad, and jama’ah. which Allah’s Messenger (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) and his Compan- ions were upon, is something far stranger today than it was when it first emerged” [Madārijus-Sālikīn]. It will also contain photo reports, current Also similar to this is the hadīth that states, “He from among them who events, and informative articles on matters does good deeds will receive the reward of fifty [of you]…” [reported by Abū Dāwūd and at-Tirmidhī] and likewise the hadīth that states, “My related to the Islamic State. May Allah brothers are those who believed in me without having seen me…” [re- ported by Imām Ahmad]. Finally, the companions have virtues that will never be attained by any individual after them regardless of how hard he works or how much he strives. Even in the case of the Madīnah state, which was established by the blood of the Sahābah (radiyallāhu ‘anhum), then most of its muhā- jirīn were from Quraysh. They had a number of things that bonded them including lineage, language (and dialect), acquain- tance, history, and the land of Hijāz. They also commonly shared many of these things with the Ansār of Madīnah even before Islam2. But if you were to go to the frontlines of ar-Raqqah, al-Barakah, al-Khayr, Halab, etc., you would find 
the soldiers and the commanders to be of differ- ent colors, languages, and lands: the Najdī, the Jordanian, the Tunisian, the Egyptian, the Soma- li, the Turk, the Albanian, the Chechen, the Indo- nesian, the Russian, the European, the American and so on. They left their families and their lands to renew the state of the muwahhidīn in Shām, and they had never known each other until they arrived in Shām! I have no doubt that this state, which has gathered the bulk of the muhājirīn in Shām and has become the largest collection of muhājirīn in the world, is a marvel of history that has only come about to pave the way for al-Malhamah al-Kubrā (the grand battle prior to the Hour). And Allah knows best. The Islam- ic State has become a reality that everyone can 
see. Even the apostates cannot ignore its threat, let alone the cross worshippers and the Jews. Yet those who are falsely associated with jihād turn away from the Islamic State, even publicly declaring their enmity against it in bizarre com- petition with the crusaders and the apostates. Subhānallāh, what great importance the Islam- ic State has! And what a tremendous favor it is from Allah to guide one to the Islamic State and grant him companionship with its muhājirīn, those who plunge into the malāhim (the great battles prior to the Hour)! For a man is upon the religion of his close friends, and he does not love a people except that he will be gathered with them on the Day of Resurrection, whether he likes it or not. 
Imām Abū Mus’ab az-Zarqāwī said, “Allah has de- scribed these strangers with a number of character- istics, among them being that they are nuzzā’ of the people, or nuzzā’ from the tribes. The word nuzzā’ is the plural of nazī’ and nāzi’, which refers to a strang- er who breaks off from his family and tribe [mean- ing he departs and distances himself from them], and the nazā’i’ of the camels are the outsiders. Al- Harawī (rahimahullāh) said, ‘By this he [the Proph- et] is referring to the muhājirīn who’ve abandoned their homelands and migrated to Allah ta’ālā’” [al-Qābidūna ‘alal-Jamr]. 
Al-Kalābādhī said, “So if the situation becomes such [meaning, the religion becomes extremely alien to the people], then the believer amongst those people is like the believer in the time of the Prophet (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam). For the one who leaves his tribe is a muhājir that parts from his family, his wealth, and his home- land, and who believes in Allah and attests to His truth and to the truth of His Messenger. Al- lah has praised the believers for their belief in the unseen, as He said, {They believe in the un- seen} [Al-Baqarah: 3]. The companions of the Prophet (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) believed in 
The last part of this ummah believes in what the first part of the ummah believed in of the un- seen, and believes in what the first part of the ummah believed in as eyewitnesses. This latter belief is their belief in the Prophet (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam), for they do not see the Proph- et (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam), and because of that they’ve become the most wondrous people in faith, as reported [in the hadīth] of Ibn ‘Ab- bās (radiyallāhu ‘anhumā) that Allah’s Messen- ger (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) said, ‘The most wondrous people in faith are a people who come after me and believe in me without having seen 
Ibnul-Qayyim (rahimahullāh) said, “[Indeed] Allah subhānahū sent His Messenger while the people of the earth were following var- ious religions. Among them were idol wor- shippers, fire worshippers, image worship- pers, cross worshippers, Jews, mandaeans, and philosophers. When Islam first began to emerge it was something strange, and any- one who embraced it and responded to Al- lah and His Messenger became a stranger in his district, his tribe, his family, and his clan. Thus, those who responded to the da’wah of Islam left their tribes. Rather, they were lone individuals who emigrated from their tribes and clans, and entered into Islam. Therefore, they were the strangers, in reality, until Islam had emerged, its da’wah had spread, and the people entered into it in multitudes, such that they were no longer strangers. Then it began to part and fade, until it returned as something strange just as it first began. Rath- er, the true Islam, which Allah’s Messenger (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) and his Compan- ions were upon, is something far stranger to- day than it was when it first emerged, even if its apparent features and characteristics are well-known and famous. For the real Islam is extremely strange, and its adherents are the strangest of strangers amongst the people” [Madārijus-Sālikīn]. 
Then, these nuzzā’ gathered in shām, the land of malāhim and the land of al-malhamah al- Kubrā. allah’s messenger (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) has informed of battles that will occur in places within shām and its vicinity, such as al-ghūtah, damascus, dābiq (or al-a’māq), the euphrates river, and constantinople (which is near shām), as well as baytul-maqdis (je- rusalem), the gate of lod, lake Tiberius, the jordan river, mount sinai, and so on. and he (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) linked this bless- ed land with many of the events related to al- masīh, al-mahdī, and the dajjāl. 
shaykh Hamūd at-Tuwayjirī (rahimahullāh), in commenting on some of the narrations about the tribulations and battles in shām, said, “in these narrations is evidence that the bulk of at-Tā’ifatul-mansūrah (the victorious group) will be in shām near the end of times, because the Khilafah will be there. They will continue to be there clearly upon the truth until allah sends the pleasant breeze and it takes the soul of every person who has faith in his heart, as pre- ceded in the sahīh narrations that the proph- et (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) said, ‘Until the command of allah comes while they are upon that [condition]’” [ithāful-jamā’ah]. 
Abdullāh Ibn ‘Amr (radiyallāhu ‘anhumā) said that Allah’s Messenger (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) said, “There will be hijrah after hijrah. The best people on earth will be those who keep to the land of Ibrāhīm’s hijrah. Then there will remain on the earth the worst of its people. Their lands will cast them out, Allah will hate them, and the fire will gather them together with the apes and swine” [hasan – reported by Imām Ahmad, Abū Dāwūd, and al-Hākim]. 
And in another narration, “Allah will send a cold breeze from the direction of Shām, so no one will remain on the face of the earth with so much as the weight of a mustard seed of goodness or faith in his heart except that it takes him. Even if one of you were to enter into the center of a mountain, the breeze would enter into it, until it takes him. Then there will remain the worst of the people, who have the agility of birds (in their haste to commit evil and satisfy their lusts) and the wits of vicious, predatory animals (in their hostility and oppression of one another). They do not know any good, nor do they denounce any evil” [Sahīh Muslim]. 
Ibn Taymiyyah (rahimahullāh) also said, “So he informed that the best of the people on the earth are those who keep to the land of Ibrāhīm’s hijrah, in contrast to those who pass through it or leave it3. The land that Ibrāhīm made hijrah to is Shām. In this hadith, there are glad tidings for our companions who made hijrah from Harrān (an area of Iraq) and else- where to the land of Ibrāhīm’s hijrah, and fol- lowed the path of Ibrāhīm and the religion of their prophet Muhammad (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam). Likewise, this hadīth contains a clarification that this hijrah of theirs is equal to the hijrah of the Companions of Allah’s Messenger (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) to Madīnah, because hijrah is made to wherev- er the Messenger is and left an impact. And the land of Ibrāhīm’s hijrah, has been made for us equal to the land of our Prophet’s hi- jrah, because hijrah to Madīnah was discon- tinued after the conquest of Makkah” [Ma- jmū’ul-Fatāwā]. 
Abdullāh Ibn Hawālah (radiyallāhu ‘anh) said that Allah’s Messenger (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) said, “Matters will run their course un- til you become mobilized armies: an army in Shām, and an army in Yemen, and an army in Iraq.” Ibn Hawālah said, “Choose for me [which army to join] if I reach that time.” He said, “Go to Shām, for it is the best of Allah’s lands, and He draws His best slaves to it. And if you do not, then go to your Yemen and drink from your wells. For Allah has guaranteed me that He will look after Shām and its people.” [sahīh – reported by Imām Ahmad, Abū Dāwūd, al- Hākim]. 
boxes, and pledged allegiance to the Khilāfah, promising to die defending it. Then, they were opposed and forsaken by “the wise ones,” the “theorizers,” and “the elders,” who labeled them as being khawārij, harūriyyah (a branch of the khawārij), hashāshīn (a heretical ismā’īlī sect), the grandsons of Ibn Muljim (the khārijī who killed ‘Alī Ibn Abī Tālib), and the dogs of Hellfire! So if the muhājirīn of the Islamic State in their thousands are the dogs of Hellfire, then who are the ones referred to in the hadīth as being “those who break off from their tribes” and “the best of Allah’s slaves”? Apart from them, there are no other muhājirīn left in Shām, except for a small number whose hearts yearn for the Is- lamic State and for giving bay’ah to the Imām. Then there will remain outside of the Islamic State only he who is obstructed from it by moun- tainous waves of envy and arrogance, so that he drowns in the methodologies of the hypocrites, the rumormongers, and the weak-hearted, and he aids the sahwāt of apostasy, following rukhas (concessions) on his path to heresy. We ask Allah for forgiveness and well-being in this life and in the hereafter. 
_____________ 3 As for one who travels to a land outside of Shām for jihād on the order of the amīr, his journey is an act of obedience which does not nullify his hijrah to Shām or his residence within it. This is the case even if he is killed out- side of Shām, just as the companions were killed as they advanced against the enemy and plunged into the enemy’s ranks outside of Madīnah, in spite of having made hijrah to Madīnah and in spite of Madīnah’s virtue over all other places in the world except Makkah. And Madīnah is more virtuous than Shām. 
As for the noble mujāhidīn of Iraq who guard its frontlines, then Allah jalla wa ‘alā said, {O you who have believed, fight those adjacent to you of the disbelievers} [At-Tawbah: 123]. Ibn Kathīr (rahimahullāh) said, “Allah ta’ālā has commanded the believers to fight the disbelievers one after another, beginning with those who are closest to the lands of Islam, then the next closest, and so on” [Tafsīr Ibn Kathīr]. 
The most obedient way of adhering to the command in this āyah is for every soldier to guard the frontline closest to him, under the order of his amīr. Rather, this is an obligation that categorically fulfills a dire need of the jihād in our era. Furthermore, they are doing something obligatory (especially because it is in response to a command from the amīr, for to obey the amīr is to obey Allah), whereas residing in Shām – especially for them – would be a virtue, not an obligation. And if they were to leave their frontlines (in Iraq) the rawāfid – allies of the nusayriyyah – would take over Iraq, and then Shām, and then the Arabian peninsula. Giving preference to something virtuous over something obligatory is a trick used by Shaytān so that the slave misses the best deed that brings him closer to his Lord – the fard (obligation). And whoever guards his frontline in Iraq will receive from Allah something better than Iraq and Shām – Paradise, whose width is equivalent to the width of the heavens and the earth, and the pleasure of Allah, which is even greater. 
Abū Mus’ab az-Zarqāwī (rahimahullāh) said, “So we warn the tribes, that any tribe or party or assembly whose involvement and collaboration with the crusaders and their apostate agents are confirmed, then by He who sent Muhammad with the truth, we will target them just as we tar- get the crusaders, and we will eradicate and dis- tinguish them, for there are only two camps: the camp of truth and its followers, and the camp of falsehood and its factions. So choose to be from one of the two camps. And what has occurred with some of the traitors in al-Qā’im is the best proof for this” [Hādhā Bayānullinnās wa li Yund- harū Bih]. 
Abū Mus’ab az-Zarqāwī (rahimahullāh) also said, “From now on, everyone whose affiliation with the pagan guards, police, and army is confirmed, or his collaboration and espionage for the cru- saders is verified, then his ruling is execution, and not only that, his house also will be de- stroyed and burnt, after removal of the women and children. This is in retribution for his treach- ery towards his religion and ummah, and so that he becomes a manifest lesson and a deterring example” [Hādhā Bayānullinnās wa li Yundharū Bih]. 
Upon hearing these statements of the Shaykh back in 1426H (2005), many Muslims who were sitting at home, living in “modernized” societ- ies, never experiencing war nor tribalism, na- ively said to themselves, “He is declaring war on whole tribes! How can that be done? What do individual members of the tribe have to do with the actions of specific tribe members or even the decisions of tribal elders?!” 
The problem with these people is they know nothing about human societies except what they have experienced in the “modernized” cit- ies of the world, where tribalism has died out, and where the few tribes that still exist no lon- ger play any important role as whole entities in their societies and communities. These people assume that the “modern-day” city of individu- ality and individualism is all that exists outside their homes. 
However, this case is different in many parts of the world, particularly in the more rural and no- madic regions. There the tribe – when intoxicat- ed by jāhiliyyah – still acts like a body with some kind of bigoted head or like a gang maddened by the mob mentality of tribal arrogance. They might move like a flock of birds or school of fish, albeit less gracefully due to their extreme igno- rance. 
When one experiences tribes of this nature after living years in the city, he realizes the wisdom in the words of Shaykh Abū Mus’ab az-Zarqāwī (rahimahullāh). It also becomes easier for him to tie events narrated in the Sunnah and Sīrah of the Prophet (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) with events today. He then knows why the Prophet (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) treated the Arab and Israelite tribes as collective wholes when- ever tribe members broke their covenants with him. This is also how after him, Abū Bakr as-Siddīq (radiyallāhu ‘anh) dealt with the tribes during the wars of apostasy. In the prophetic and siddīqī methodology, the tribes of the era were considered homoge- nous parties; unique individuals were treat- ed as exceptional cases, not as the general rule. The fuqahā’ call these homogenous, collective wholes “tawā’if mumtani’ah,” if they resist the Sharī’ah. By definition, if the tribe does not act as a group in opposing the Sharī’ah, it would be obviously wrong to apply this ruling to its members. 
After this discussion, it should become clear why the Islamic State dealt with the clans of Shu’aytāt as a murtadd party resisting the Sharī’ah with arms. These clans were left armed after they agreed to submit to the rule of the Sharī’ah with the condition they hand over all heavy weaponry. They then betrayed their covenant by rebelling against the Islamic State. They ambushed Islamic State soldiers, and then tortured, amputated, and executed prisoners taken from the ambushes. All these crimes were carried out in opposition to the enforce- ment of the Sharī’ah. 
thus fell into the classification of tawā’if mumtani’ah, by shielding the traitors. They were then given a 24-hour notice allowing all individuals not involved in the transgression to evacuate their villag- es. All those able-bodied men remaining would be treated in accordance with the Sharī’ah. Alhamdulillāh, some of their re- lated clans – who did not partake in the treachery – contacted the Islamic State prior to the campaign and disassociated themselves from the treacherous ones. 
Upon entering the Shu’aytāt villages, the soldiers of the Islamic State found men hateful of the Sharī’ah, drowning in fāhishah, alcoholism, and drugs, some of them married to more than four wives! They had hidden away much of the heavy weaponry that they were told to hand over in their initial covenant with the Is- lamic State. This same weaponry was used in their aggression, only to end up as ghanīmah for the Islamic State. 
Al-Bukhārī and Muslim reported on the authority of Abū Qilābah who said that Anas Ibn Mālik (radiyallāhu ‘anh) said, “A group of people from ‘Ukal or ‘Uraynah (two tribes) came to Madīnah and then got stomach sickness. So the Prophet (sal- lallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) ordered them a she-camel that produced much milk and told them to drink from her urine and milk. They did so. When they got healthy, they killed the Prophet’s shepherd and led the camels away with them. The news then reached the Prophet in the early morning, so he sent after them. Prior to noon, they were captured and brought to him. He ordered their hands and their feet be cut off, their eyes be put out 
This month, the soldiers of the Islamic State launched a swift and brutal offensive in the north- ern Halab countryside. The campaign, entitled “Taking Revenge for the Chaste Sisters,” targeted the treacherous sahwāt murtaddīn who prostitut- ed themselves to America and its regional pup- pets, stabbing the mujāhidīn in the back and sub- sequently imprisoning and even raping many of the muhājirāt. 
The campaign in northern Halab succeeded in liberating a number of towns and villages includ- ing Akhtarīn, Turkmān Bārih, Huwār an-Nahr, and Dābiq, whose name our readers will no doubt recognize as the title of our magazine. As men- tioned in the introduction to our first issue, the name of our magazine was taken from the area named Dābiq in the northern countryside of Hal- ab, due to the significant role it will play during the events of al-Malhamah al-Kubrā (The Grand Battle) against the crusaders. 
the northern countryside of Halab). Then an army from Madīnah of the best people on the earth at that time will leave for them. When they line up in ranks the Romans will say, ‘Leave us and those who were taken as prisoners from amongst us so we can fight them.’ The Muslims will say, ‘Nay, by Allah, we will not abandon our brothers to you.’ So they will fight them. Then one third of them will flee; Allah will never for- give them. One third of them will be killed; they will be the best martyrs with Allah. And one third will conquer them; they will never be afflicted with fitnah. Then they will conquer Constanti- nople. While they are dividing the war booty, having hung their swords on olive trees, Shay- tān will shout, ‘The [false] Messiah has followed after your families [who were left behind.]’ So they will leave [for their families], but Shaytān’s claim is false. When they arrive to Shām he comes out. Then when they are preparing for battle and filing their ranks, the prayer is called. So ‘Īsā Ibn Maryam (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) will descend and lead them. When the enemy of Allah sees him, he will melt as salt melts in water. If he were to leave him he would melt until he perished, but he kills him with his own hand, and then shows them his blood upon his spear” [Sahīh Muslim]. 
This hadīth not only demonstrates the level of will and determination Allah demands of us when seeking to establish His religion, it shows that Islam cannot be compartmentalized and approached piecemeal. We cannot adopt the mindset that jihād is acceptable without da’wah, or that the hudūd cannot be established during defensive jihād, or that we are living in an era similar to the Prophet’s time in Makkah and must therefore focus on da’wah because there is no jihād. 
The first conquest was that of the northwestern regions of Wilāyat Nīnawā (Sinjār, Zimmār, Rabī’ah, and Wānah). These areas were mostly occupied by the Peshmerga, who fled upon hearing of the Is- lamic State’s approach. Some of these regions were inhabited by the devil worshipping Yazīdiyyah. Al- hamdulillāh, hundreds of them turned to Allah, de- clared their Islam, and repented from their kufr. As for those who insisted upon their shirk, then they fled with the Peshmergan apostates. 
“WHEN ALLAH INSTILLED THE LOVE OF IS- LAM IN MY HEART, I CAME TO THE PROPH- ET (SALLALLĀHU ‘ALAYHI WA SALLAM) AND SAID, ‘STRETCH OUT YOUR RIGHT HAND SO THAT I MAY PLEDGE ALLEGIANCE TO YOU.’ HE STRETCHED OUT HIS RIGHT HAND; THEN I WITHDREW MY HAND. THE PROPHET SAID, ‘WHAT HAS HAPPENED TO YOU, O ‘AMR?’ I REPLIED, ‘I WANT STIPULATE A CONDITION.’ HE ASKED, ‘WHAT CONDITION DO YOU WANT TO STIPULATE?’ I SAID, ‘THAT I BE FORGIVEN.’ THE PROPHET RESPONDED, ‘ARE YOU NOT AWARE THAT ISLAM WIPES OUT ALL PREVI- OUS SINS? AND THAT HIJRAH WIPES OUT ALL PREVIOUS SINS? AND THAT HAJJ WIPES OUT ALL PREVIOUS SINS?’” 
When the Prophet (sallallāhu ‘alay- hi wa sallam) migrated to Madīnah, At-Tufayl Ibn ‘Amr Ad-Dawsī (radi- yallāhu ‘anh) migrated to the Proph- et, and along with At-Tufayl migrated a man of his tribe. They later disliked residence in Madīnah [because of disease and fatigue caused by its cli- mate]. The man fell sick and lost pa- tience. So he took hold of a wide ar- rowhead and cut off his finger-joints. The blood gushed forth from his hands, until he died. At-Tufayl Ibn ‘Amr then saw him in a dream. His appearance was good but he was covering his hands. At-Tufayl said to him, ‘What did your Lord do with you?’ He replied, ‘Allah granted me forgiveness because of my hijrah to His Prophet.’ At-Tufayl said, ‘Why do I see you covering your hands?’ He replied, ‘I was told, ‘We will not mend what you have damaged.’ At-Tufayl narrated this dream to Al- lah’s Messenger (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam). Then Allah’s Messenger prayed, ‘O Allah, forgive him also for his two hands.’” 
Verses like these moved the Sahābah (Compan- ions) so that they would not be counted by Allah amongst the hypocrites. The fear of hypocrisy creeping into their hearts did not leave them time to rest, contrary to the Muslims of this era who constantly feel safe and secure concerning their faith and deeds. The Sahābah knew that the essence of hypocrisy – both major and mi- nor – is discrepancy between what the inner self encloses and what the outer self discloses, and that minor hypocrisy can beget major hypocrisy. 
Allah (‘azza wa jall) said, {Have you not con- sidered the assembly of Bānī Isrā’īl after Mūsā when they said to a prophet of theirs, “Send to us a king, and we will fight in the way of Allah”? He said, “Would you perhaps refrain from fight- ing if fighting was prescribed for you?” They said, “And why should we not fight in the cause of Allah when we have been driven out from our homes and away from our children?” But when fighting was prescribed for them, they turned away, except for a few of them. And Allah is Knowing of the wrongdoers. And their proph- et said to them, “Indeed, Allah has sent to you Tālūt as a king.” They said, “How can he have kingship over us while we are more worthy of kingship than him and he has not been given any measure of wealth?” He said, “Indeed, Al- lah has chosen him over you and has increased him abundantly in knowledge and stature. And Allah gives His sovereignty to whom He wills. And Allah is All-Encompassing [in favor] and Knowing”} [Al-Baqarah: 246]. 
allah (‘azza wa jall) said, {and among them [the hypocrites] are those who made a covenant with Allah, [saying], “if He should give us from His bounty, we will surely spend in charity, and we will sure- ly be among the righteous.” But when he gave them from His bounty, they were stingy with it and turned away while they refused. so he penalized them with hy- pocrisy in their hearts until the day they will meet Him – because they failed Allah in what they promised Him and because they used to lie} [At-tawbah: 75-77]. 
Therefore, every Muslim professional who delayed his jihād in the past under the pretense of studying Sharī’ah, medicine, or en- gineering, etc., claiming he would contribute to Islam later with his exper- tise, should now make his number one priority to re- pent and answer the call to hijrah, especially after the establishment of the Khilāfah. This Khilāfah is more in need than ever before for experts, professionals, and special- ists, who can help contribute in strengthening 
As for the Muslim students who use this same pretense now to continue abandoning the ob- ligation of the era, then they should know that their hi- jrah from dārul-ku- fr to dārul-Islām and jihād are more obligatory and ur- gent then spending an unknown num- ber of years study- ing while exposed to doubts and de- sires that will destroy their religion and thus end for themselves any possible future of jihād. 
Ibn Rajab (rahimahullāh) said, “Sahl at-Tustarī said, ‘The murīd (devout worshipper) fears be- ing afflicted with sins, but the ‘ārif (knowledge- able slave) fears being afflicted with kufr.’ For this reason the Sahābah and the righteous Salaf after them were afraid of nifāq (hypocrisy) for themselves, and their worry of nifāq was se- vere. Therefore, the believer is afraid of minor nifāq for himself, and he is afraid that such could overcome him prior to death and thus drive him into major nifāq, as we mentioned before that deeply hidden evils bring about sinful death” [Jāmi’ al-‘Ulūm wal-Hikam]. 
So abandoning hijrah – the path to jihād – is a dangerous matter. In effect, one is thereby de- serting jihād and willingly accepting his tragic condition of being a hypocritical spectator. He lives in the West amongst the kuffār for years, spends hours on the Internet, reads news and posts on forums, only to be encompassed by the verse, {They think the parties have not [yet] withdrawn. And if the parties should come [again], they would wish they were in the des- ert among the Bedouins, inquiring [from afar] about your news. And if they should be among you, they would not fight except for a little} [Al- Ahzāb: 20]. 
He should also contemplate, {And if they had intended to go forth, they would have prepared for it [some] equipment. But Allah disliked their being dispatched, so He kept them back, and they were told, “Sit with those who are sitting.” Had they gone forth with you, they would not have increased you except in confusion, and they would have hurried among you, seeking [to cause] you fitnah. And among you are avid listeners to them. And Allah is Knowing of the wrongdoers} [At-Tawbah: 46-47]. 
their hearts and the corruption of their inten- tions, so He kept them back and made them sit. He hated their closeness to Him due to their in- clination towards His enemies, so He expelled them and distanced them from Himself. They turned away from His revelation, so He turned away from them, brought them agony, did not make them happy, and ruled upon them with a just rule that leaves them with no hope for suc- cess unless they repent” [Madārij as-Sālikīn]. 
This constant feeling of self-doubt should de- stroy one’s insides. In the recent past, sincere Muslims would weep and pray daily for an es- cape from the lands of qu’ūd (abandonment of jihād) to the lands of jihād, even if to live only as a soldier in constant wait for the opportunity to battle. They would dream of going to Iraq, Af- ghanistan, Yemen, Chechnya, Algeria, Somalia, and Waziristan, but to no avail. They knew that the only way for a man claiming a mustard seed of faith in his heart to preserve his faith would be to leave the West. Before, such an idea might have sounded impossible for some, but now there is a Khilāfah prepared to accept every Muslim and Muslimah into its lands and do all it can within its power to protect them while relying on Allah alone. 
Reflect upon the state of emotion described by the shahīd Abū Dujānah al-Khurāsānī (may Al- lah accept him), who lived a number of years of his life searching for a path to jihād, until the enemies of Islam themselves – by Allah’s grace – placed him upon that path. He then took ad- vantage of their plot to blast it in their own fac- es, killing a number of American crusaders and their apostate agents. 
Abū Dujānah al-Khurāsānī (may Allah accept him) said, “With every death I heard of, I would die. With every illness I got informed of, I would fall ill. With every year that passed of my life, I would grow old a decade of time. This is the Sunnah of Allah concerning the qā’idīn (those who sit back and abandon jihād). I know this condition well. It is a condition called ‘senti- mental death.’ Therefore, my words will die if I do not save them with my blood. My emotions will be put out if I do not inflame them with my death. My writings will testify against me if I do not produce evidence of my innocence of hypocrisy. Nothing except for blood will ful- ly assure the certainty of any evidence. If Allah were to decree for you to enter the city that my words and feelings live in, you would find my picture hung up on its walls and columns, and beneath my picture written ‘Wanted – Dying or Dead’” [Matā Tashrab Kalimātī min Dimā’ī]. 
He (rahimahullāh) also said, “This love [of jihād], for those who don’t know it, embitters the life of the qā’id (one who sits back and abandons jihād) and destroys his delights. No one will understand my words except for one afflicted with the same condition. […] If the love of jihād enters a man’s heart, then it will not abandon him, even if he wishes so. If he tries to forget or feign forgetful- ness, then the symptoms will be aggravated and the condition will be more difficult. He will find himself surrounded by everything that reminds him of jihād. […] They used to say, ‘Some love kills.’ I do not find that to be true except with the love of jihād, for this love will either kill you with sorrow if you decide to sit and abandon jihād, or it will kill you, making you a martyr fī sabīlillāh if you decide to answer the call. You only have to choose between one of these two deaths” [Talā’i’ Khurāsān #15]. 
The modern day slavery of employment, work hours, wages, etc., is one that leaves the Mus- lim in a constant feeling of subjugation to a kāfir master. He does not live the might and honor that every Muslim should live and experience. It is as if Bilāl (radiyallāhu ‘anh) never were eman- cipated to live a free man, the Islamic State of Madīnah were never established, and the vers- es of jihād, jizyah, and war booty were never revealed upon the Prophet of the Muslim Um- mah! 
Abū Hurayrah (radiyallāhu ‘anh) said that Allah’s Messenger (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) said, “Tribulations like pieces of the dark night have cast a shadow over you. The person who is most saved from these tribulations will be a man on a tall mountain who feeds himself from the milk of his sheep, or a man past the main roads [i.e. on the frontline near the enemy] who holds on to the reins of his horse and eats from [what he gains with] his sword” [sahīh – reported by al-Hākim]. 
Ibnul-Qayyim (rahimahullāh) said, “If it is said, ‘What is the best and most lawful source of in- come?’ […] The correct opinion is that the most lawful income is the same from which came the provision of Allah’s Messenger (sallallāhu ‘alay- hi wa sallam). It is the income of the ghānimīn (earners of ghanīmah), which was made permis- sible for them upon the tongue of the Sharī’ah. This income was praised in the Qur’ān more so than any other was. Its people were also praised in a manner that no other people were praised. For this reason, Allah chose this income for the best of His creation and the seal of His prophets, who said, ‘I was sent with the sword before the Hour so that Allah would be worshipped alone without a partner. And my provision was placed for me in the shade of my spear. Humiliation and degradation were placed upon those who oppose my order’ [sahīh – reported by Imām Ahmad on the authority of Ibn ‘Umar]. 
This honorable provision helps one escape slavery and dedicate his life truly towards his Master through worship, jihād, and study of the re- ligion. Whereas dedication of one’s life towards employment, if the em- ployer is a kāfir, only leads to humil- iation that could possibly over time lead to concessions followed by an inferiority complex composed of kufr. Perhaps, for this reason, the scholars mentioned it was disliked for a Mus- lim to be employed by a kāfir em- ployer (see “Fathul-Bārī” volume 4, page 452). 
Allah’s Messenger (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) said, “Whenever one’s worry seizes him, he only needs to wear his bow and use it to thereby ex- pel his worry” [The isnād contains a very weak narrator named Muhammad az-Zubaydī, as mentioned in “Majma’ az-Zawā’id”]. This is sim- ilar to the statement of the Prophet (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam), “Perform jihād fī sabīlillāh, for it is a gate of the gates of Jannah by which Allah repels worry and sorrow from the souls” [sahīh – reported by Imām Ahmad and al-Hākim on the authority of ‘Ubādah Ibn as-Sāmit]. This is also derived from the statement of Allah ta’ālā, {Fight them; Allah will punish them by your hands and will disgrace them and give you victory over them and satisfy the breasts of a believing people and remove the fury in the be- lievers’ hearts. And Allah turns in forgiveness to whom He wills; and Allah is Knowing and Wise} [At-Tawbah: 14-15]” [Al-Furūsiyyah]. 
Shaykhul-Islām Ibn Taymiyyah (rahimahullāh) said, “The crux of hijrah is to abandon sin and its people, including hajr (abandonment/ avoidance) of the callers to bid’ah, the sinful, and those who intermingle with them or aid them. Similarly, one who abandons jihād – the deed without which he can achieve no maslahah – should be punished by hajr, since he did not assist the Muslims in righteousness and piety. And so, the zunāh (fornicators/ adulterers), lūtiyyah (sodomites), abandon- ers of jihād, ahlul-bida’ (people of religious innovations), alcoholics, are all harmful for the religion of Islam, and intermingling with them is also harmful. They do not assist in righteousness nor piety. Whoever does not abandon them has thus left an obligation and fallen into a prohibition” [Majmū’ al-Fatāwā]. 
Imām Ahmad reported that the tābi’ī Wahb Ibn Munabbih (rahimahullāh) said, “Mūsā said to Banī Isrā’īl, ‘Bring me the best of your men.’ So they brought him a man. He said, ‘Are you the best of Banī Isrā’īl?’ He re- sponded, ‘That is what they claim.’ So Mūsā told him, ‘Go and bring me the worst of Banī Isrā’īl.’ So he left and returned alone. Mūsā said, ‘Did you bring me the worst of them?’ He replied, ‘I do not know so much about any of them as I know about myself.’ Mūsā said, ‘[Then] you are the best of them’” [Az- Zuhd]. 
Ibnul-Qayyim (rahimahullāh) said, “It has been au- thentically narrated in the Sahīh that he (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) said, ‘No one with a mustard seed of arrogance will enter Jannah.’ They said to him, ‘O Allah’s Messenger, a man might like to have good shoes and garments. Is that arrogance?’ He said, ‘No, Allah is Jamīl and He loves jamāl (beauty). Arrogance is disdain of the truth (out of self-con- ceit) and contempt for the people’ [Sahīh Muslim]. So arrogance is disdain of the truth, rejection of it, repelling it after awareness of it, and hold- ing contempt for people with an eye of scorn, aversion, and belittlement. There is nothing wrong with such if it is done for Allah. The sign 
On 7 August 2014, the crusad- er, apostate Barack Obama announced to the world the continuation of the American crusade against Islam and the Muslims of Iraq, only to prove to his followers that there is no difference between his parti- san politics and that of his pre- decessor – Bush – apart from cosmetic, superficial touches. His decisions also expose the hypocritical politics of Ameri- ca that only serve the interests of their Jewish ally, Israel, and their own capitalist gluttony. So while genocide is committed by the Maliki, Asadi, and Israeli forces against the Muslims via systematic massacres, chemical warfare, rape, and starvation by siege, Obama watches with euphoria. However, when his brothers in Yazidi Satanism and Peshmergan Zionism are killed, he panics. Obama had this to say: 
Today I authorized two operations in Iraq – targeted airstrikes to protect our American personnel, and a humanitarian effort to help save thousands of Iraqi civilians who are trapped on a mountain without food and water, and facing almost certain death. Let me explain the actions we are taking and why. First, I said in June, as the terrorist group ISIL began an advance across Iraq, that the United States would be prepared to take targeted military action in Iraq if and when we determined that the situation required it. In recent days, these terrorists have continued to move across Iraq and have neared the city of Irbil, where American diplomats and civilians serve at our consulate, and American military personnel advise Iraqi forces. To stop the advance on Irbil, I’ve direct- ed our military to take targeted strikes against ISIL terrorist convoys should they move toward the city. We intend to stay vigilant and take action if these terrorist forces threaten our personnel or facilities anywhere in Iraq, including our consulate in Irbil and our embassy in Baghdad. We’re also providing urgent assistance to Iraqi government and Kurdish forces so they can more effectively wage the fight against ISIL. Second, at the request of the Iraqi government, we’ve begun operations to help save Iraqi civilians stranded on the mountain. As ISIL has marched across Iraq it has waged a ruthless campaign against innocent Iraqis. And these terrorists have been es- pecially barbaric towards religious minorities, in- cluding Christians and Yazidis, a small and ancient religious sect. Countless Iraqis have been displaced and chilling reports describe ISIL militants rounding up families, conducting mass executions, and en- slaving Yazidi women. In recent days, Yazidi women, men, and children from the area of Sinjar have fled for their lives. And thousands, perhaps tens of thou- sands, are now hiding high up in the mountain with little but the clothes on their backs. They’re without food. They’re without water. People are starving and children are dying of thirst. Meanwhile, ISIL forces below have called for the systematic destruction of the entire Yazidi people below which would consti- tute genocide… 
His work entailed documenting the wars through the crusaders’ eyes, reporting all that which serves their foreign policy and agenda whilst withholding any news that could expose their evils. In the archive of photographs he had personally taken, there were images glorify- ing the American crusaders in Afghanistan and Iraq as well as the Iraqi Sahwah. There were also photos showing the capture of many poor Afghani and Iraqi Muslims at the hands of the crusaders. Alas for James, this archive was with him at the time of his arrest. 
During this long 9-month period, as the Ameri- can government was dragging its feet, reluctant to take the necessary steps to save James’s life, negotiations were made by the governments of a number of European prisoners, which resulted in the release of a dozen of their prisoners, after the demands of the Islamic State were met. That left a number of British and American prisoners remaining in the cells of the Islamic State, only after their governments arrogantly refused to release our imprisoned brothers and our sister, Dr. Aafia Siddiqui. 
The answer is that Obama now blindly follows the example of “the war president” Bush. He will continue to strengthen the ancient and histor- ical enemy of the West – Persia/Iran. He sends comforting signals to the agents of the Iranian government in Syria and Lebanon (al-Asad and Hezbollah). Through his decisions, he solidifies the Iranian puppet government in Iraq as well as the Iranian-backed Shiite militias allied to the puppet government. 
He supports the Shiite allies of Iran in Afghan- istan. He strikes the mujāhidīn – the true ene- mies of the Shia in Yemen – and thus embold- ens the Houthi agents of Iran. He does all this more foolishly than Bush, for Iran is a key ally of Russia, another historical enemy of the West, currently battling Western allies in the Ukraine and elsewhere! And to achieve these goals, he sacrifices the welfare of the American public for the sake of “the chosen few” benefitting from Zionism and capitalism, as America faces crisis after crisis including earthquakes in California, protests in Missouri, and the potential deaths of American prisoners held by the Islamic State… 
Our government, for the last 13 years has stretched our military around the Muslim world to interfere in their affairs. They have killed in the name of “preserving life,” tortured and raped in the name of “humanity,” destroyed in the name of “rebuilding,” and ruined the lives of millions of people. They have incurred a great debt of blood and wealth and it will be you and me, the average citizens, who will inevitably pay the price of their crimes. 
cil member, otherwise we will assume that the questions are for the Dābiq team. We advise that your opinions, suggestions, and questions in gen- eral be brief, because your brothers are busy with many responsibilities and therefore will not have the time to read long messages. Finally, anything submitted – if it ends up being published in the magazine – may be modified by the Dābiq team including the name attached to the submission. 
pyHAfz5GBgpRcZaUAmoFA1+s98ZqPNqxSJ+WuF50JkeJgoU5BV wHOIkNQyxMkeP7PYfGOiyB1ltsNKXb+mY6AnQpP6B8klGM/ZXp HAS1xHSjOzUVx/sOv/iYVRbh7jb4N1oHb+FtbWLK6UwWAdGwrz XWCGe5lPjEJztNaGtZebYProzvT3BDirfuHn3HcLTyQOEnSIQT NtupJHEWUzQ7mjdO0/8cZkOXccjyMDqTKH3LOMc57VTuhu0waH 4nEKpDgeqB+ssRo2jD4AW8bmvLfebPGNaJXdUScbIyzwstL+Rv p8m8pqbsRg++o/AkKdOn73Wsj6fK67upT5bqeuVH7vtv3ZNOvb 3puGniDKffNaIo+qqDZEpxDqmWluTl1QiADlWd6IsrCWR8iYm+ aiNyCR7wu/qD2LkOGauvUr9B23yU5sR17U+oyXOR9mQrqGkade 6FRqnFevBeqKqrSy7Erxz9xi/yTLHtQ1ycsSnDh1I+nLoSB+6F X9DYePUtzlTvck5N70xH5QKHQuO+F3J+DIPnJ6XVNQ== 
Abdullāh Ibn ‘Amr (radiyallāhu ‘anhumā) said that Allah’s Messenger (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) said, “There will be hijrah after hijrah. The best people on earth will be those who keep to the land of Ibrāhīm’s hijrah. Then there will remain on the earth the worst of its people. Their lands will cast them out, Allah will hate them, and the fire will gather them together with the apes and swine.” 
While the opposite of this attitude is one that sways between deviance and kufr. Allah ta’ālā said, {He (Ibrāhīm) said, “And who despairs of the mercy of his Lord except for those astray?”} [Al-Hijr: 56]. And He ta’ālā also said, {O my sons, go and find out about Yūsuf and his brother and despair not of relief from Allah. Indeed, no one despairs of relief from Allah except the disbe- lieving people”} [Yūsuf: 87]. 
(leadership), and no imārah except with tā’ah (obedience)” [Sunan ad-Dārimī]. The religion that Rasūlullāh (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) came with, as in the hadīth, “I order you with five things that Allah ordered me with: jamā’ah, sam’ (listening), tā’ah, hijrah, and jihād fī sabī- lillāh for indeed, whoever leaves the jamā’ah by a hand span has removed the noose of Islam from his neck unless he returns” [Sahīh: Ahmad and at-Tirmidhī]. 
This religion is the one promised with victory, not the religion of division, partisanship, inno- vation, and pride in personal opinion, nor the religion void of bay’ah, imārah, and khilāfah. This is the religion manifest truly at the level of the individual, community, and nation. This is the religion promised with: {It is He who has sent His Messenger with guidance and the re- ligion of truth to manifest it over all religion, although they who associate others with Allah dislike it} [At-Tawbah: 33] {And sufficient is Allah as Witness} [Al-Fath: 28]. 
This faith and attitude is what has nourished the leaders and soldiers of the Islamic State since the days of Abū Mus’ab az-Zarqāwī (may Allah accept him) who paved the way for the estab- lishment of this State. For this reason, you find the words of the a’immah (plural of imām) full of absolute conviction in Allah’s sup- port for the Islamic State. They have not a mustard seed of doubt regarding this. 
Abū Mus’ab az-Zarqāwī (rahimahullāh) said, “The hypocrites and those who obstruct the path to Allah will say to you, ‘Do you think anything of what you want will ever be achieved? Do you re- ally think that the Islamic Khilāfah or even just the Islamic State will ever be established? That is something that can never happen and it is closer to imagination than reality.’ So if they say such to you, then remember the statement of Allah ta’ālā, {[Remember] when the hypocrites and those in whose hearts was disease said, ‘Their religion has deluded those [Muslims].’ But whoever relies upon Allah – then indeed, Allah is Exalted in Might and Wise} [Al-Anfāl: 49]. And say to them, ‘In- deed, Allah will grant the Muslims the conquest of Rome, just as Allah’s Messenger (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) promised’” [Wasāyā Hāmmah Lil Mu- jāhidīn]. 
This attitude was also echoed by the mountainous man, Abū ‘Umar al-Baghdādī (rahimahullāh), who said, “O soldiers of the Islamic State, O youth of Muhammad (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam)… Today we are upon the doorstep for a new era, a turning point for the map of the region, rather the world. Today we witness the end of the lie called west- ern civilization and the rise of the Islamic giant. This is exactly what Bush warned against in his last speech in front of veterans when he said, ‘The region is changing into one that threat- ens civilization with destruction,’ meaning the civilization of shirk and kufr, the civili- zation of usury and prostitution, the civili- 
And to also say, “In the end, I say to the Muslims everywhere who are watching this harsh military and media campaign against the Islamic State in Mesopotamia, do not fear nor worry about the ji- hād in Iraq. Expect good, for the harshness of the wave has broken. Indeed, a building construct- ed upon the skulls of shuhadā’ and whose earth was cemented with the blood of the virtuous, is a building of truth tougher than the immovable mountains, and a lofty standing more honorable than the stars. And due to His excellence above and beyond any faults, al-Karīm (the Generous), ar-Rahmān, ar-Rahīm would never allow their sac- rifices to go in vain” [Hasād al-Khayr]. 
be your final campaign. It will be broken and defeated, just as all your previous campaigns were broken and defeated, except that this time we will raid you thereafter, and you will never raid us. We will conquer your Rome, break your crosses, and enslave your women, by the permission of Allah, the Exalted. This is His promise to us; He is glorified and He does not fail in His promise. If we do not reach that time, then our children and grandchildren will reach it, and they will sell your sons as slaves at the slave market” [Indeed Your Lord Is Ever Watchful]. 
“O soldiers of the Islamic State, what a great thing you have achieved by Allah! Your reward is upon Him. By Allah, He has healed the chests of the believers through the killing of the nusay- riyyah and rāfidah at your hands. He has filled the hearts of the disbelievers and hypocrites with rage through you. What a great thing you have achieved by Allah! Who are you? Who are you O soldiers of the Islamic State? From where have you come? What is your secret? Why is it that the hearts of the East and West are dislocat- 
A short time before the formal expansion of the American crusade into Shām, the official spokes- man of the Islamic State – Shaykh Abū Muham- mad al-‘Adnānī ash-Shāmī (hafidhahullāh) – gave a momentous speech inspiring the Muslims, terrifying the crusaders, and reminding all with Allah’s promise. Alhamdulillāh, a number of matters unfolded almost immediately after the speech in obedience to the leaders of the Islam- ic State, including the capture of crusaders in Muslim lands and their subsequent execution, the killing of crusaders in their homelands, and the conquering of new areas in Iraq and Shām despite the crusader airstrikes. At the same time, the Arab tawāghīt, the sahwāt, the qua- si-jihadists, and mock mujāhidīn exposed their duplicity and hypocrisy once again for no sincere Muslim to be left in the dark with doubt. And all praise is due to Allah the Lord of the worlds. What follows are some of the most important excerpts from his speech. 
“So know that – by Allah – we fear not the swarms of planes, nor ballistic missiles, nor drones, nor satellites, nor battleships, nor weapons of mass destruction. How could we fear them, while Allah the Exalted has said, {If Allah should aid you, no one can overcome you; but if He should forsake you, who is there that can aid you after Him? And upon Allah let the believers rely} [Āli ‘Imrān: 160]. How could we fear them, while Allah the Exalted has said, {So do not weaken and do not grieve, and you will be superior if you are [true] believers} [Āli ‘Imrān: 139].” 
other, for some people have entered your ranks who are not of you and are only claimants. And thus some disorder has occurred. So it has be- come necessary for a trial to come, expel the filth, and purify the ranks. We ask Allah for for- giveness and wellness. Also, pride and conceit has entered some of our souls, and thus some of us transgressed and oppressed others. So it is necessary for the sins to be expelled, so that you may return to your Lord. Allah has loved the mu- jāhidīn, and so there is no choice but for Him to take some martyrs. We ask Allah to make us of them, not from the disgraced nor those afflicted [in their religion].” 
“O America, O allies of America, and O crusad- ers, know that the matter is more dangerous than you have imagined and greater than you have envisioned. We have warned you that to- day we are in a new era, an era where the State, its soldiers, and its sons are leaders not slaves. They are a people who through the ages have not known defeat. The outcome of their battles is concluded before they begin. They have not prepared for a battle since the time of Noah ex- cept with absolute conviction of victory. Being killed – according to their account – is a victory. This is where the secret lies. You fight a people who can never be defeated.” 
“Therefore Allah will give you victory. Indeed, Allah will give you victory. By Allah, Allah will give you victory. So guarantee for us two matters, and we will guarantee you – by Allah’s permission – constant victory and consolidation. First, do not oppress anyone nor be content with op- pression by being silent about it and not raising the matter to those in authority. Second, do not become conceited or arrogant. This is what we fear from you and fear for you.” 
“So mobilize your forces, O crusaders. Mobilize your forces, roar with thunder, threaten whom you want, plot, arm your troops, prepare your- selves, strike, kill, and destroy us. This will not avail you. You will be defeated. This will not avail you, for our Lord, the Mighty, the Prevailing, has promised us with our victory and your de- feat. Send arms and equipment to your agents and dogs. Prepare them with the most modern equipment. Send them very much, for it will end up as war booty in our hands by Allah’s permis- sion. You will spend it, then it will be a source of regret for you, then you will be defeated. Look at your armored vehicles, machinery, weaponry, and equipment. It is in our hands. Allah grant- ed it to us. We fight you with it. So die in your rage. {Indeed, those who disbelieve spend their wealth to avert [people] from the way of Allah. So they will spend it; then it will be for them a [source of] regret; then they will be overcome. And those who have disbelieved – unto Hell they will be gathered} [Al-Anfāl: 36].” 
“O Americans, and O Europeans, the Islam- ic State did not initiate a war against you, as your governments and media try to make you believe. It is you who started the transgression against us, and thus you deserve blame and you will pay a great price. You will pay the price when your economies collapse. You will pay the price when your sons are sent to wage war against us, and they return to you as disabled amputees, or inside coffins, or mentally ill. You will pay the price as you are afraid of travelling to any land. Rather you will pay the price as you walk on your streets, turning right and left, fear- 
“Dear Muslims, America hasn’t come with its crusade in order to save the Muslims, nor does it spend its wealth in spite of the collapse of its economy and burden itself in order to arm and train the sahwah councils in Shām and Iraq out of compassion and fear for the mujahidin from the “cruelty of the khawārij,” and out of support for them as they allege. {I wish my people could know!} [Yāsīn: 26]. Do the crusaders rush to the support of the mujahidin fighting on the path of Allah, and rush to rescue and save them from the khawārij? “Live long enough and you’ll see strange things!” Woe to my people! When will they remember?” 
“So O muwahhid, do not let this battle pass you by wherever you may be. You must strike the soldiers, patrons, and troops of the tawāghīt. Strike their police, security, and intelligence members, as well as their treacherous agents. Destroy their beds. Embitter their lives for them and busy them with themselves. If you can kill a disbelieving American or European – especially the spiteful and filthy French – or an Australian, or a Canadian, or any other disbeliever from the disbelievers waging war, including the citizens of the countries that entered into a coalition against the Islamic State, then rely upon Allah, and kill him in any manner or way however it may be. Do not ask for anyone’s advice and do not seek anyone’s verdict. Kill the disbeliever whether he is civilian or military, for they have the same ruling.” 
have killed nine Muslim women three days ago by striking a bus transporting them from Shām to Iraq. Will you leave the disbeliever to sleep safely at home while the Muslim women and children shiver with fear of the roars of the crusader airplanes above their heads day and night? How can you enjoy life and sleep while not aiding your brothers, not casting fear into the hearts of the cross worshippers, and not re- sponding to their strikes with multitudes more? So O muwahhid wherever you may be, hinder those who want to harm your brothers and state as much as you can. The best thing you can do is to strive to your best and kill any disbe- liever, whether he be French, American, or from any of their allies.” 
“Finally, we do not want to forget to direct a message towards our Muslim people and broth- ers from the Kurds in Iraq, Shām, and elsewhere. Our war with Kurds is a religious war. It is not a nationalistic war – we seek the refuge of Allah. We do not fight Kurds because they are Kurds. Rather we fight the disbelievers amongst them, the allies of the crusaders and jews in their war against the Muslims. As for the Muslim Kurds, then they are our people and brothers wher- ever they may be. We spill our blood to save their blood. The Muslim Kurds in the ranks of the Islamic State are many. They are the toughest of fighters against the disbelievers amongst their people.” 
This hadīth indicates that Allah did not send His messenger to endeavor to seek the dunyā, nor to gather the dunyā and its treasures, nor to strive to seek its causes, rather He sent him as a caller to His tawhīd with the sword. What is im- plied by this is that he kills Allah’s enemies who refuse to accept tawhīd, legitimizes the spilling of their blood and the taking of their wealth, and enslaves their women and children, and thereby his provision becomes what Allah has given him of spoils from the property of His en- emy. This is because wealth was created by Al- lah for the children of Adam only to assist them in obeying and worshipping Him. So whoever uses it to assist himself in kufr of Allah and shirk with Him, then Allah will give mastery to His Messenger and his followers over him, so that they seize it from him and return it back to one who is more worthy than him from the people who worship Allah, practice tawhīd of Him, and submit obediently towards Him. For this reason their wealth is called fay’ [the root of the word means to restore or return], because it returns to one who is more deserving of it and it returns to the usage for which it was created. 
It is seized from one who does not deserve it, because he uses it to aid himself in disobeying Allah and associating others with Him. So if it is taken from one who uses it contrary to the obedience of Allah, the practice of tawhīd and the da’wah to worship Him, then such wealth becomes the most beloved of wealth to Allah ta’ālā and the purest form of income in His sight. Also, he (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) would not perform jihād except so that Allah’s word would be the highest and His religion the most man- ifest. He did not perform jihād for the sake of ghanīmah. So provision would come to him pur- suant to his worship and jihād fī sabīlillāh. There- fore, he did not dedicate any of his time sole- ly towards seeking provision. Rather he would worship Allah in all his time, and practice tawhīd of Allah and be sincere to Him. So Allah made his provision easy during such worship, without him intending to seek it or endeavoring to pursue it. It was reported in the mursal narration (i.e. re- ported with no mention of the Sahābī in the 
Fay’ is what the enemy leaves behind after fear- fully fleeing, contrary to ghanīmah, which is tak- en through fighting with the sword. Therefore, mention of the spear more clearly indicates the acquirement of fay’, because the spear is seen by the enemy from a distance, so he flees, and thus he flees from the spear’s shade by which fay’ is taken. The provision of the Prophet (sal- lallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) was from fay’, not ghanīmah, which is taken by fighting with a sword. And Allah knows best. 
‘Umar Ibn ‘Abdil-‘Aziz said, “Allah sent Muham- mad as a guide and did not send him as a mon- ey collector.” So the Prophet (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) spent his time with obedience of Allah and da’wah to His tawhīd, and whatever is ac- quired through that of wealth from fay’ and ghanīmah, is acquired consequently, and not with the fundamental intention of pursuing it. For these reasons, one who abandons jihād and instead busies himself with making money has been censured. The statement of Allah ta’ālā, {And spend in the way of Allah and do not throw [yourselves] with your [own] hands into destruction} [Al-Baqarah: 195] was revealed regarding such a situation, when the Ansār re- solved to abandon jihād and work to improve their wealth and land. 
Mak-hūl said, “When the Muslims entered Shām, the plants of al-Hūlah were mentioned to them, so they planted crops. This news reached ‘Umar Ibn al-Khattāb (radiyallāhu ‘anh). So he sent someone to the crops after they became ripe and burnt them with fire. He then sent a letter to them saying, ‘Indeed Allah placed the provision of this ummah in its spearheads and beneath its spear-tails. If they farm, they be- come like other people.’” This was reported by Asad Ibn Mūsā. 
1 This and the previous narration are forms of tarhīb (warning against sin, disliked matters, or wasteful actions). They are not to _____________  1 This and the previous narration are forms of tarhīb (warning against sin, disliked matters, or wasteful actions). They are not to be taken literally, as farming is a mubāh (permissible) form of work. But the message conveyed is that a believer lives by perform- ing jihād and then taking from the agriculture of his kāfir enemies, not by dedicating his life to agriculture like his enemies do. 
Ibn Mājah reported from the marfū’ hadīth of Ibn Mas’ūd [that Allah’s Messenger (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) said], “Whoever makes his concerns one concern – for his hereafter – Allah will cover the concern for his dunyā. And who- ever’s heart is split by many concerns for the matters of the dunyā, then Allah will not care in whichever valley he is destroyed” [Hasan: reported by Ibn Mājah on the authority of Ibn ‘Umar and Ibn Mas’ūd]. 
And whoever is busy with his duties towards Al- lah, then Allah will oversee his provision, as is mentioned in the hadīth on the authority of Zayd Ibn Thābit [that Allah’s Messenger (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) said], “Whoever’s concern is the dunyā, Allah will scatter his affairs and place his poverty before his eyes. Nothing will come to him of the dunyā except what has been decreed for him. And whoever’s intent is the Hereafter, Allah will gather for him his affairs and will place his prosperity in his heart. The dunyā will come to him against its will.” It was reported by Imām Ahmad and Ibn Mājah [with a sahīh isnād]. 
Upon conquering the region of Sinjar in Wilāyat Nīnawā, the Islamic State faced a population of Yazidis, a pagan minority existent for ages in regions of Iraq and Shām. Their continual exis- tence to this day is a matter that Muslims should question as they will be asked about it on Judg- ment Day, considering that Allah had revealed Āyat as-Sayf (the verse of the sword) over 1400 years ago. He ta’ālā said, {And when the sacred months have passed, then kill the mushrikīn wherever you find them, and capture them, and besiege them, and sit in wait for them at every place of ambush. But if they should repent, es- tablish prayer, and give zakah, let them [go] on their way. Indeed, Allah is Forgiving and Merci- ful.} [At-Tawbah: 5]. 
The Yazidis present-day creed – as it has changed over history – entails the worship of Iblīs who they consider to be a fallen but forgiven angel amongst the angels who were ordered to pros- trate to Ādam! He alone refused to prostrate to Ādam, and they consider this arrogant disobe- dience of Allah to be his noblest deed! They consider him to be misunderstood by mankind! They consider him to be good and enlightened, and claim that Allah will openly forgive him on 
Their creed is so deviant from the truth that even cross-worshipping Christians for ages con- sidered them devil worshippers and Satanists, as is recorded in accounts of Westerners and Orientalists who encountered them or studied them. It is ultimately ironic that Obama sites these devil worshippers as the main cause for his intervention in Iraq and Shām, as he sides with the peshmerga – gangs of mercenaries related to the Marxist PUK and allied with the Marxist PKK – a “terrorist” organization according to the tāghūt laws the West “believes” in. 
ilies. Because of the Arabic terminologies used by this group either to describe themselves or their beliefs, some contemporary Muslim schol- ars have classified them as possibly an apos- tate sect, not an originally mushrik religion, but upon further research, it was determined that this group is one that existed since the pre-Is- lamic jāhiliyyah, but became “Islamized” by the surrounding Muslim population, language, and culture, although they never accepted Islam nor claimed to have adopted it. The apparent origin of the religion is found in the Magianism of an- cient Persia, but reinterpreted with elements of Sabianism, Judaism, and Christianity, and ulti- mately expressed in the heretical vocabulary of extreme Sufism. 
Accordingly, the Islamic State dealt with this group as the majority of fuqahā’ have indicat- ed how mushrikīn should be dealt with. Unlike the Jews and Christians, there was no room for jizyah payment. Also, their women could be en- slaved unlike female apostates who the majority of the fuqahā’ say cannot be enslaved1 and can only be given an ultimatum to repent or face the sword. After capture, the Yazidi women and chil- dren were then divided according to the Sharī’ah amongst the fighters of the Islamic State who participated in the Sinjar operations, after one fifth of the slaves were transferred to the Islamic State’s authority to be divided as khums. 
The enslaved Yazidi families are now sold by the Islamic State soldiers as the mushrikīn were sold by the Companions (radiyallāhu ‘anhum) before _____________ 1 The enslavement of the apostate women belonging to apostate groups such as the rāfidah, nusayriyyah, durūz, and ismā’īliyyah is one that the fuqa- hā’ differ over. The majority of the scholars say that their women are not to be enslaved and only ordered to repent because of the hadīth, “Kill whoever changes his religion” [Sahīh al-Bukhārī]. But some of the scholars including Shaykhul-Islām Ibn Taymiyyah and the Ahnāf (Hanafis) say they may be en- slaved due to the actions of the Companions during the Wars of Apostasy where they enslaved the apostate women. This opinion is one also supported by evidence, wallāhu a’lam. 
Ibn Rajab al-Hanbalī said while explaining this hadīth,“The scholars differed over what is meant by this. It has been stated that the conquests of the lands of kufr multiply as well as enslavement, and thereby concubines increase in numbers, until the slave women give birth to their mas- ters, this is because the child of the master has the status of the master [meaning he is a free man like his father], and thereby she has given birth to her master from this angle. […] It has also been stated that ‘the slave girl gives birth to her master’ indicated the increased conquests of the lands of kufr and the taking of slaves, until a girl is taken from the land of kufr at a young age, then she is freed in the land of Islam, then her mother is brought in as a slave after her, and this girl buys her mother and uses her in her service, ignorant of the fact that the slave is her mother. This has occurred in the Islamic era. This inter- pretation is like the one before it, indicating that one of the signs of the Hour is the increased con- quests and bringing in of slaves from the lands of kufr. […] It has also been stated that the mean- ing of the slave girl giving birth to her master is that people turn away from marriage sufficing with concubines alone. And Allah knows best” [Fathul-Bārī]. 
Ibn Hajar commented on this interpretation say- ing, “But this suggested interpretation is ques- tionable, because a slave girl giving birth was an occurrence that existed in the era when the statement was made. Also, most of the con- quests of the lands of shirk, the enslavement of their families, and the taking of their women as concubines, occurred at the beginning of the Is- lamic era” [Fathul-Bārī]. 
Additionally, a hadīth that one should reflect over is the long hadīth of Dābiq reported by Muslim on the authority of Abū Hurayrah. In the hadīth it is mentioned that the Romans say to the Muslims after the Romans have lined up in ranks near Dābiq, “Leave us and those who were enslaved from amongst us so we can fight them.” The Muslims then respond, “Nay, by Al- lah, we will not abandon our brothers to you.” The bloody, final battle begins after this short discussion. 
An-Nawawī commented on this hadīth saying, “It was reported in two forms, ‘those who en- slaved some of us’ and ‘those who were enslaved from amongst us.’ Al-Qādī said in ‘Al-Mashāriq,’ ‘‘Those who were enslaved from amongst us’ is the report of the majority and it is the cor- rect one.’ I [an-Nawawī] say that both of them are correct, because they are enslaved first [as kuffār] and then enslave the kuffār thereafter. This occurrence exists in our times. Rather the majority of the Islamic armies in Shām and Egypt were originally enslaved [as kuffār] and now they enslave the kuffār, walhamdulillāh. They have enslaved them numerous times in our era. They enslave in just one occasion thousands of the kuffār. All praise is due to Allah for having strengthened and honored Islam” [Sharh Sahīh Muslim]. 
After this, it becomes clear where Shaykh Abū Muhammad al-‘Adnānī ash-Shāmī (hafidha- hullāh) gets his inspiration from when saying, “And so we promise you [O crusaders] by Al- lah’s permission that this campaign will be your final campaign. It will be broken and defeated, just as all your previous campaigns were bro- ken and defeated, except that this time we will raid you thereafter, and you will never raid us. We will conquer your Rome, break your crosses, and enslave your women, by the permission of Allah, the Exalted. This is His promise to us; He is glorified and He does not fail in His promise. If we do not reach that time, then our children and grandchildren will reach it, and they will sell 
Before Shaytān reveals his doubts to the weak-minded and weak hearted, one should re- member that enslaving the families of the kuffār and taking their women as concubines is a firm- ly established aspect of the Sharī’ah that if one were to deny or mock, he would be denying or mocking the verses of the Qur’ān and the nar- rations of the Prophet (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sal- lam), and thereby apostatizing from Islam. 
Finally, a number of contemporary scholars have mentioned that the desertion of slavery had led to an increase in fāhishah (adultery, fornication, etc.), because the shar’ī alternative to marriage is not available, so a man who cannot afford marriage to a free woman finds himself sur- rounded by temptation towards sin. In addition, many Muslim families who have hired maids to work at their homes, face the fitnah of prohibit- ed khalwah (seclusion) and resultant zinā occur- ring between the man and the maid, whereas if she were his concubine, this relationship would be legal. This again is from the consequences of abandoning jihād and chasing after the dunyā, wallāhul-musta’ān. 
After demolishing the Syrian/Iraqi border set up by the crusaders to divide and disunite the Mus- lims, and carve up their lands in order to consol- idate their control of the region, the mujāhidīn of the Khilāfah delivered yet another blow to nationalism and the Sykes-Picot-inspired bor- ders that define it. The establishment of a new wilāyah, Wilāyat al-Furāt, was announced this month by the Islamic State in an effort to elimi- nate any remaining traces of the kufri, national- istic borders from the hearts of the Muslims. 
Just days after the announcement of Wilāyat al-Furāt, the Islamic State announced the es- tablishment of a new wilāyah in Iraq: Wilāyat al-Fallūjah. Encompassing a region that includes the now-legendary city of al-Fallūjah, a city that became famous for its fierce resistance against American forces throughout the last decade, Wilāyat al-Fallūjah continues to witness frequent and intense battles between the lions of the Is- lamic State and the safawī dogs of the crusaders. Just recently, the mujāhidīn succeeded in cleans- ing the Shuhadā’ neighborhood in Saqlāwiyyah, driving out the safawī army in a humiliating de- feat. 
The Muslims have continuously received one piece of good news after another since the announcement of the re-establishment of the blessed Islamic Khilāfah. One of the most re- cent pieces of good news was that the group “Ansār al-Islam in Iraq”, including both its lead- ers and its soldiers, has pledged allegiance to the Islamic State. The bay’ah took place on the 29th of Shawwāl, and was accompanied by the announcement that their banner would be dissolved, and that all their troops, weap- ons, and capabilities would be placed at the disposal of the Islamic State. 
This bay’ah comes at a time when the Islamic State is facing a growing list of enemies, and it further underscores the fact that the lines are being drawn and the camps of īmān and kufr are both being cleansed. This will eventually lead to a camp of kufr with no trace of īmān, and a camp of īmān with no trace of hypocrisy, as per the statement of the Prophet (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam). There will be no room to sit on the fence, and all parties will soon be forced to make a choice between the two. The soldiers of Ansār al-Islam have made their choice, and in doing so have exposed them- selves to the enmity and hatred of the entire world for the sake of unifying the ranks of the mujāhidīn. We consider this a sign of their sin- cerity, and Allah is their judge. We ask Allah to keep them firm upon the truth. 
This bay’ah came after a number of gatherings and meetings held with the mashāyikh of the Islamic State who clarified for us the legality of the Islamic State’s mission with clear shar’ī and intellectual arguments. The last of these meetings was on the 29th of Shawwāl, in which we pledged our allegiance both individually and in groups. Prior to this, it became clear to us that the Islamic State had a pres- ence on the ground as a state with nu- merous institutions that could hold its weight in the region. This is the state that defeated the crusaders, broke the strength of the safawīs, wiped out the apostate sahwāt, and rubbed the fac- es of the secularist Kurds in the dirt. This is the state that opened the lands of Islam, brought an end to the artifi- cial borders between the lands of the Muslims, broke the shackles of the prisoners, and freed the lions. This is the state that established the laws of Allah, carried out the hudūd, set up the various administrative offices, and brought justice to the oppressed. This is the state that spread safety and se- curity, and took up the responsibility of caring for the orphans and the needy. And we witnessed all this and more with our own eyes, and felt it with our own hands, so may Allah grant them the best of rewards on behalf of the Muslims. 
n Wilāyat ar-Raqqah, following the lib- eration of the Tabaqah Military Airbase at the hands of the Islamic State, the nusayrī soldiers stationed in the airbase found themselves fleeing the onslaught of the mujāhidīn and subsequently forti- fying themselves in a village nearby called “Al-‘Ajrāwī.” With Allah’s permission, the mujāhidīn conducted an operation to lib- erate the village, and succeeded in killing numerous regime soldiers in the process. 
Last month, the mujāhidīn of the Islamic State car- ried out a massacre against PKK soldiers in Jaza’ah, north of Wilāyat al-Barakah, where they succeed- ed in killing over 100 PKK murtaddīn. On the heels of this massacre came a lightning advance by the mujāhidīn from multiple directions, including Jarāblus, Sirrīn and Tal Abyad, towards the Syrian border city of ‘Ayn al-Islam (previously ‘Ayn al-Ar- ab). Aerial bombardment from America and its coalition failed to hinder the advance, and after facing intense shelling and being locked in fierce urban combat with the mujāhidīn, the PKK/YPG murtaddīn have been reduced to begging Turkey for support as the Islamic State is on the verge of liberating the city. 
When the Prophet (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) would depart the city of Madinah to lead a military expedi- tion, he would appoint a deputy to remain in the city and look after the affairs of the Muslim families. So just as it was the tradition of the Prophet (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) to ensure that his followers were being cared for in his absence, so too has it become the practice of the Khilāfah to ensure that the needs of the Muslims are being met as much as possible, even in the midst of a fierce war and a relentless cam- paign by the crusaders to undermine the mission of the mujāhidīn. 
The soldiers of the Islamic State came to the lands of jihād to fulfill their oath to Allah, sacrificing their lives and spilling their blood for His sake. And while they’re eager to take part in the battle against kufr and its many faces in search of shahādah, they’ve come to understand that a state cannot be established and maintained without ensuring that a portion of the sincere soldiers of Allah look after both the religious and worldly affairs of the Muslims. So they’ve manned their administrative posts, and have set out to estab- lish, support and maintain numerous institutions that the Muslims have come to rely on in their daily lives. In this report, we give you another glimpse into the many services provided by the Islamic State as it con- tinues to strengthen and expand. 
Abū Umāmah reported that a man came and said, “O Messenger of Al- lah, if a man battles for booty and fame, what does he get?” So Al- lah’s Messenger (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) responded, “He will get nothing.” He asked him the same question three times, and Allah’s Messenger answered each time, “He will get nothing.” He then said to him, “Indeed, Allah does not ac- cept from the deeds except what has been made sincerely for Him whilst seeking His Face by the deed” 
Abū Hurayrah reported that Allah’s Messen- ger (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) said, “The Hour will not be established until the Romans land at al-A’māq or Dābiq (two places near each other in the northern countryside of Hal- ab). Then an army from Madīnah of the best people on the earth at that time will leave for them. When they line up in ranks the Romans will say, ‘Leave us and those who were en- slaved from amongst us so we can fight them.’ The Muslims will say, ‘Nay, by Allah, we will not abandon our brothers to you.’ So they will fight them. Then one third of them will flee; Allah will never forgive them. One third of them will be killed; they will be the best martyrs with Allah. And one third will conquer them; they will never be afflicted with fitnah. Then they will conquer Constantinople. While they are dividing the war booty, having hung their swords on olive trees, Shaytān will shout, ‘The [false] Messiah has followed after your families [who were left behind.]’ So they will leave [for their families], but Shaytān’s claim is false. When they arrive to Shām he comes out. Then when they are preparing for battle and filing their ranks, the prayer is called. So ‘Īsā Ibn Maryam (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) will descend and lead them. When the enemy of Allah sees him, he will melt as salt melts in water. If he were to leave him he would melt until he perished, but he kills him with his own hand, and then shows them his blood upon his spear” [Sahīh Muslim]. 
Allah’s Messenger (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sal- lam) said, “You will have a treaty of security with the Romans until you both fight an ene- my beyond them. And you will be victorious, you will gain war booty, and you will achieve such without losses. Thereafter you will re- turn until you lodge at a pastureland full of rocky mounds. A man from the Roman Chris- tians will then raise the cross. He will say, ‘The cross has prevailed!’ A man from the Muslims 
will then say, ‘Rather Allah has prevailed,’ and then he will angrily rise and crush the cross, which is not at a distance from him. Then the Romans will betray the treaty by rising against the break- er of the cross and striking his neck. The Muslims will then rise and rush to their arms. They will then battle. Allah will bless this party of Muslims with shahādah. The Romans will say to the Roman leader, ‘We are sufficient for you against the Ar- abs.’ They will then gather for the Malhamah (the grand battle before the Hour). They will come for you under eighty banners, with each banner there will be twelve thousand people” [Sahīh – re- ported by Imām Ahmad, Abū Dāwūd, Ibn Mā- jah, Ibn Hibbān, and al-Hākim on the authori- ty of Dhī Mikhmar]. 
These ahādīth indicate that the Muslims will be at war with the Roman Christians. Rome in the Arabic tongue of the Prophet (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) refers to the Christians of Europe and their colonies in Shām prior to the conquering of Shām at the hands of the Sahābah. There will be a pause in this war due to a truce or treaty. During this time, the Muslims and Romans will fight a common enemy. The fact that they fight a common enemy does not necessitate there is any form of military cooperation between them, as some of the hadīth commentators have said, “Or [it means] you fight your enemy on your own while they fight their [same] enemy on their own” [Hāshiyat as-Sindī ‘Alā Sunan Ibn Mā- jah]. This is closer to the teachings of the Proph- et (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam), who said, “I will not seek the aid of a mushrik” [Sahīh Muslim]. In another wording, he (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sal- lam) said, “We do not seek the aid of a mushrik” [Imām Ahmad and Ibn Hibbān]. He (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) also said, “We do not seek the aid of the mushrikīn against the mushrikīn” [Hasan: reported by Imām Ahmad, al-Hākim, and others]. 
‘Abdullāh Ibn Mas’ūd (radiyallāhu ‘anh) said, “The Last Hour will not come until the people stop dividing inheritance and rejoicing over boo- ty.” Then he said, while pointing towards Shām, “An enemy shall muster strength against the Muslims and the Muslims will muster strength against them.” Yusayr Ibn Jābir asked him, “You mean the Romans?” He said, “Yes, and there will be a great raddah (fleeing) and the Muslims will prepare a detachment for fighting unto death so that they may not return but victorious. They will fight until night will intervene between them; both sides will return without being vic- torious and the detachment will be wiped out. The Muslims will again prepare a detachment for fighting unto death so that they may not return but victorious. They will fight until night comes upon them; both sides will return with- out being victorious and the detachment will be wiped out. When it is the fourth day, a new de- tachment from the remnant of the Muslims will be prepared and Allah will decree that the ene- my would be routed. And they will fight such a fight the like of which will not be seen (or which has not been seen), so much so that even if a bird were to pass their flanks, it would fall down dead before reaching the end of them. (After the battle), when relatives count each other, they will find that after being one hundred, only one man is left from them. So what can be the joy at the spoils of such war and what inheri- tance can be divided! While they are in this very state, they will hear of a calamity more horrible than this. And a cry will reach them, ‘The Dajjāl has taken your place among your families.’ They will, therefore, throw away what is in their hands and go forward sending ten horsemen as a scouting party. Allah’s Messenger (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) said, ‘I know their names and the names of their fathers and the color of their horses. They will be the best horsemen on the surface of the earth on that day or amongst the best horsemen on the surface of the earth on that day’” [Sahīh Muslim]. 
Then the Romans will commit treachery by raising the cross and killing a Muslim. This will lead to the continuation of the war between the Muslims and the Romans. They will demand access to those who enslaved some of them or the former captives themselves who accept- ed Islam so as to fight them. This enslavement will have taken place either before the signing of the truce or after the treachery, and Allah 
knows best. These events all lead up to the final, greatest, and bloodiest battle – al-Malhamah al- Kubrā – between the Muslims and the Romans prior to the appearance of the Dajjāl and the descent of al-Masīh. This battle ends the era of the Roman Christians, as the Muslims will then advance upon Constantinople and thereafter Rome, to conquer the two cities and raise the flag of the Khilāfah over them. 
Abū Hamzah al-Muhājir (rahimahullāh) said, “As for you O knights of tawhīd, monks of the night, lions of the jungle, may Allah reward you on behalf of us and the Muslims with every good. For I have seen war and its men, and I testify by Allah, I testify by Allah, that our ummah in the land of the two grand rivers (Iraq) did not skimp on bestowing its best sons and most truthful nobles upon us. For my eyes have not seen anyone like them, nor have I heard of any- one like them except for the first leading group of Muslims (the Sahābah). So I testify that they are the most truthful of people in speech, the most faithful to their promises, the most firm 
This firāsah (perception/insight) and deep under- standing of the dīn is as Abū ‘Umar al-Baghdādī mentioned in his words, “O ummah of Islam, when we announced the Islamic State and said that it was a state of hijrah and jihād, we were not lying against Allah and thereafter against the people, nor were we talking about false dreams, rather, by the bounty of Allah ta’ālā, we are more capable of understanding Allah’s sunnah in this jihād. This understanding is derived from the blood of the mujāhidīn amongst the muhājirīn and ansār, after we witnessed their character and methodology with our eyes” [Hasād as-Sinīn]. 
“He then informed the people and leaders in the year 702 when the Tatār advanced intending Shām that misfortune and defeat would befall the Tatār and that triumph and victory would be for the Muslims. He then swore upon this matter seventy oaths. It was said to him, ‘Say in shā’allāh.’ He would then say, ‘In shā’allāh with certainty not reservation.’ I heard him say this. He said, ‘When they kept bothering me with doubts, I told them to stop doing so and said Allah ta’ālā had written in al-Lawhul-Mahfūdh (the Preserved Slate) that the Tatār would be defeated this time around and that victory was for the armies of Islam1 . And I made some of the leaders and soldiers aspire confidently for the sweetness of victory before they left to meet the enemy.’” 
1 If one were to make such statements of certainty regarding Allah’s promise in our times, the ignorant claimants of knowledge would accuse him This type of certain conviction is hard for many people to comprehend, just like it was hard for the Muslims to understand the certainty and firāsah of Shaykhul-Islām Ibn Taymiyyah (rahi- mahullāh) during the wars against the Tatār. The hearts distant from the Qur’ān, Sunnah, and Āthār of the Salaf find such firāsah to be ridic- ulous, due to their attachment to materialism, philosophy, and the innovations of the khalaf and mu’tazilah. _____________  1 If one were to make such statements of certainty regarding Allah’s promise in our times, the ignorant claimants of knowledge would accuse him with severe deviance and heresy! 
“When his enemy nicknamed Jāshinkīr assumed kingship and Shaykhul-Islām was informed of such, they told him, ‘Now he will achieve his plot against you.’ So he prostrated out of gratitude to Allah and remained long in prostration. It was said to him, ‘What is the cause of this prostra- tion?’ He said, ‘This is the beginning of his hu- miliation and his departure from strength starts now. The end of his affair is near.’ It was said to him, ‘When will it be?’ He said, ‘The horses of the soldiers will not be tied to pegs until his 
And he said, “And so we promise you (crusad- ers) by Allah’s permission that this campaign will be your final campaign. It will be broken and defeated, just as all your previous campaigns were broken and defeated, except that this time we will raid you thereafter, and you will never raid us. We will conquer your Rome, break your crosses, and enslave your women, by the per- mission of Allah, the Exalted. This is His prom- ise to us; He is glorified and He does not fail in His promise. If we do not reach that time, then our children and grandchildren will reach it, and they will sell your sons as slaves at the slave market” [Indeed Your Lord Is Ever Watchful]. 
The odd alliance of Persia and Russia – two powers who for centuries were at war with the West – is an actuality one cannot deny. Regarding some battles of their ancient con- flict, Allah ta’ālā revealed, {The Romans have been defeated in the nearest land. But they, after their defeat, will overcome [their enemy] within three to nine years. To Allah belongs the command before and after. And that day the believers will rejoice in the victory of Allah. He gives victory to whom He wills, and He is the Exalted in Might, the Merciful. [It is] the prom- ise of Allah. Allah does not fail in His promise, but most of the people do not know} [Ar-Rūm: 2-6]. 
2 He is referring to the tāghūt Bashar and the embargo on Syria under the leadership of Bush, which only hurt the Muslims of Shām while sparing Regarding Bush’s blunders, Shaykh Abū Hamzah al-Muhājir said, “I want to remind the fool who is obeyed by his people (Bush) that he was able in a very short period to revive the glory of the ancient Persian Empire. Thus, he became more ominous for his country than Gorbatchev was for his Union (the USSR). Bush enabled the spreading of Persian (Iranian) in- fluence over Afghanistan after it had been a tough obstacle for the Persians. He seconded with Iraq and opened up its treasures for them while they had not dreamt of drinking a sip of its water. And now they suck up its oil, loot its treasures, and enslave its men. Third, he panicked its rāfidī nusayrī tyrant – through an embargo upon Syria2 – into opening his coun- try up to hundreds rather thousands of the Persians to nationalize themselves there and become supporters for the agent of the an- ti-Christ Nasrullāt who is called ‘Nasr Allah’ and who just emerged from a so-called vic- _____________  2 He is referring to the tāghūt Bashar and the embargo on Syria under the leadership of Bush, which only hurt the Muslims of Shām while sparing the tāghūt and his comrades of any real harm. May Allah ta’ālā bring about the destruction of the nusayriyyah upon the hands of the Islamic State. 
Again, his underestimation of the Islamic State is due to a materialist analysis believing that pow- er is in weaponry and technology, forgetting that true power relies in the creed of tawhīd, which liberates one from any fear save the fear of his Lord and grants him the support of his Lord. Therefore, Iran will never be “a bigger problem than ISIS” unless the West enters into a truce with the Islamic State involving the halt of all at- tacks against the Muslims. 
tory against the pinnacle of the Roman military machine (the Israeli military). And thus, the an- cient Persian empire completed and expanded from Mawarannahr (Transoxiana) to Iran then through Iraq – the location of al-Mada’in (the imperial capital of Persia) – ending in Shām (Syr- ia/Lebanon/Palestine). So do you think that the Magian Persians will ever be able to repay this fool – Bush – who revived their ancient glory for them without them shooting a single bullet or sacrificing a single soldier? And do you think that the reasonable of the Romans will realize that they have become slaves for the Persians and have become mercenary fighters who fight for them without pay” [Inil Hukmu Illā Lillāh]. 
A number of Americans and Westerners have spoken about their ancient Iranian enemy and its allies – possibly the common enemy referred to by the Prophet (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam). The Jewish crusader, former US Secretary of State and US National Security Advisor, Henry Kissinger, has said that, “in all the crises roiling the world, the U.S. shouldn’t lose focus on Iran,” as paraphrased by Scott Simon of NPR. 
Former CIA Chief of “the Bin Laden Issue Sta- tion,” Michael Scheuer, said, “For now, however, the beginning of wisdom is to look at what is go- ing on in Iraq and Syria and see it clearly. In both places all of those folks that multiple US admin- istrations have identified as enemies of Ameri- ca are killing each other. In Syria, the Assad re- gime, Iran, and Lebanese Hizballah are killing Sunni mujahedin from all over the world, as well as their local allies and supporters. In turn, the Sunni Islamists in Syria are killing Assad’s troops, Iranian Revolutionary Guards, and Hizballah fight- ers. This is a perfect circumstance for the United States, all our enemies are killing each other and it is not costing us a cent or a life.” 
3 In the same interview this arrogant and cowardly Jew said, “I think when we’re dealing with a unit like ISIS, we should not get into a position where they Henry Kissinger also said, “There [has] come into being a kind of a Shia-belt from Tehran through Baghdad to Beirut. And this gives Iran the opportunity to reconstruct the ancient Per- sian Empire, this time under a Shia label. From a geo-strategic point of view, I consider Iran a big- ger problem than ISIS. ISIS is a group of adven- _____________  3 In the same interview this arrogant and cowardly Jew said, “I think when we’re dealing with a unit like ISIS, we should not get into a position where they can lead us by establishing ground forces. But we should set strategic objectives where we thwart any goal they set themselves, which we should be able to do by superior air power. And then if we can enlist other countries or other more local groups to do the ground fighting, we might actually destroy them.” 
Obama now strengthens the Iraqi regime, which is undeniably backed by Iranian intelligence, mil- itary, and finances. Iranian Shia militias currently fight to “defend” Baghdad. The Iraqi regime and its Iranian founder have been one of the biggest allies of the Asad regime in Syria. They have sent fighters to the Abul-Fadl al-‘Abbās battalion. The Asad air force has stopped all airstrikes against the Islamic State in a number of Shāmī wilāyat, probably because it is cheaper for them to bene- fit from the US airstrikes on their behalf, especial- ly since the Asad regime is collapsing financially and isn’t very good at hitting targets accurate- ly. At the same time, it has managed to “hide” chemical weapons from the West and use them without a deterrent. Hezbollah has sent gueril- las to fight against Muslims in Iraq and Syria. The Houthis of Yemen – allies of Iran – have overrun Sanaa. 
Most significantly, Russia – Iran’s biggest ally as well as an ally of China – has entered the Ukraine, which is supposedly claimed by the West. Russia continues to arm the Asad regime against the Muslims of Shām. They have boasted of their nu- clear capabilities once again. And yet Obama in- sists upon strengthening “the Persian Crescent” and Russian influence in the region. It seems American leaders are blinded by their love of the Jewish state into doing things that only damage supposed Western interests. 
“Over in Iraq, we see much the same marvel- ous phenomena occurring. Multinational Sunni mujahedin and Saddam’s former military per- sonnel are fighting and killing Maliki’s dictatori- al regime, its Shia military forces, and their Ira- nian military supporters. And, as in Syria, Maliki and his gang are killing our Sunni Islamist ene- mies. In Iraq there also is the potential for a de- lightful bonus coming to fruition. If the United States stays out of the affair, the renewed war in Iraq may trigger a widespread Shia-vs-Sun- ni civil war in which our Muslim enemies – as they are defined by our bipartisan political elite – may begin to kill each other for a prolonged period and at unprecedented levels, and, again, at no cost to us in lives or dollars.” 
“So let us take both a deep breath and Lt. Col. Peters advice and sit back and watch what is going on in Syria and Iraq with equanimity and absolutely from the sidelines. Cheer for nei- ther side, answer no one’s call for help – espe- cially not one from the near-frantic Neocons who now know they sank their beloved Israel with the 2003 invasion of Iraq – and pray that Obama does not cooperate with Iran to restore Maliki’s Shia tyranny and thereby earn the eter- nal enmity of all of the Sunni world.” 
He also said, “What to do now? First, stay out of Iraq completely and utterly. To re-intervene would cost more American money and lives, and it would drive-up oil prices even faster. It also would amount not only to the United States again intervening in an oil-rich Muslim country, but intervening in a Sunni-Shia religious war on the side of the Shia, who are fiercely hated by the overwhelmingly Sunni Islamic world.” 
The FSA (Free Syrian Army) is a superficial group- ing of loosely joined bands with a feeble cen- tral leadership based in Turkey. They have not achieved any major battlefield successes against the Asad regime since the collapse of the FSA and the rise of the so-called Islamists of the Islamic Front backed by Āl Salūl and Qatar. Although the FSA claims to fight for a kufrī ideology of democ- racy, there is no actual ideology for this “army” except theft and tobacco. For this reason, their fighters constantly switch alliances from the FSA to Dhawāhirī to the PKK – as was the case with the Jabhat Thuwwār ar-Raqqah. They have also repeatedly sold weaponry they received from Western and apostate donors for almost nothing to arms dealers. The Islamic State has bought a lot of this weaponry for appealingly cheap pric- es. Finally, this army has not yet been trained by the crusaders to fight mujāhidīn. 
THE PESHMERGA The Peshmerga were influenced for a long time by the Marxist PUK until Berzani fully took con- trol and gave these militias more “appeal.” During Berzani’s rule, Kurdistan was developed into the greatest killer of fighting spirit – a land of desire and dunyā. Unlike the Peshmerga of the past, their current fighters are fainthearted mercenaries void of any creed who only wait for their meagre wages. For this reason, the Islamic State was able to drive them out of Wilāyat Nīnawā easily. 
The PKK is a Marxist, nationalist, Kurdish orga- nization. Their founder, Ocalan, is a Kurd from a family of nusayrī practice. He formed the party, calling for the establishment of an inde- pendent, Marxist, Kurdish state. The party then formed the PYD, a front for the PKK in Shām. The PYD formed local committees inside Kurd- ish areas in coordination with the Asad regime. The Kurdish shabīhah committees were tasked with targeting Kurdish Muslims who spoke out against Asad and protested against the nusay- riyyah. The PKK is one of the biggest organi- zations responsible for narcotics trafficking in Europe. It is considered a “terrorist” organiza- tion by the crusaders – the US, EU, and their Turkish puppets. These “commies,” “terrorists,” and Asad regime supporters – composed of numerous flimsy female “fighters” – are being supported by US airstrikes in Shām. Despite the airstrikes and the supposedly lengthy war ex- perience of PKK guerillas in Turkey, the Islamic State has expelled the PKK from most of their strongholds by Allah’s power and might. 
So the cowardly crusaders are left without real ground troops and thus forced to rely fully on airstrikes allowing the Asad regime to pause from striking the Muslims of Shām. And yet, how effective are these airstrikes? The Islamic State expanded into ‘Aynul-Islam and regions of Wilāyat al-Anbar and Baghdad in a manner unexpected by the West. ‘Aynul-Islam was the major focus of the Islamic State because it was determined the PKK would be the main ally of the crusaders in this stage of their crusade due to the supposed battle experience of PKK fight- ers and the purely secularist ideology of their party, one that considers the Jewish state to be an ally of any future Kurdish state. 
But Obama was more hypocritical by saying that the Iraq war was a “dumb war,” starting his pres- idency with a promise to end the Iraq war only to return from where his predecessor had left off, and sending troops to Iraq after promising not to send any. He then ordered airstrikes leading to the killing of Muslim men, women, and children in Iraq and Shām, granting his army the right to do such while claiming the killings of Foley, Sot- loff, Haines, and Henning were unjustified! He achieved all this after receiving the hypocritical Nobel Peace Prize. 
And unlike Bush, his administration is divided about what war is and how it should be won. They do not even know whether or not they are at war! Yet all of them – including Bush – are as Allah ta’ālā described them, {They will not all fight you except within fortified cities or from behind walls. Their adversity among themselves is severe. You think they are together, but their hearts are diverse. That is because they are a people who do not reason} [Al-Hashr: 14]. 
Since the beginning of this crusade on the media frontline, self-styled jihadist ideologues and qua- si-mujāhidīn have tried to position themselves in an area that is neither Islamic State nor Sahwah… only to be sucked into the trenches of the apos- tate media and religious scholarship of the Arab tawāghīt. They even imitated the nusayriyyah and secularist opposition by labelling the Islamic State as “Daesh” and “Tandhīm ad-Dawlah,” in a manner precisely mimicking the satellite channels and pal- ace scholars of Āl Salūl and Qatar. One of the top “jihadist ideologues” presented a verdict entailing ways to confront the “extremism and takfīr” of “Jamā’at ad-Dawlah” matching those expressed by Obama, Chuck Hagel, Dempsey, and the US State Department. His suggestions included preventing financial and human resources from reaching the Islamic State as well as religiously delegitimizing the State in a manner US officials said “Muslim” scholars must do. And yet he and his likes claim they are neutral! 
It is as if they haven’t read the verses of the Qur’ān teaching us that the Jews and Christians fight the Muslims for their religion and that the more one is fought by them for his religion the closer he is to the path of the Prophet (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam). {And never will the Jews or the Christians approve of you until you follow their religion. Say, “Indeed, the guidance of Allah is the [only] guid- ance.” If you were to follow their desires after what has come to you of knowledge, you would have against Allah no protector or helper} [Al-Baqar- ah: 120]. {And they will continue to fight you until they turn you back from your religion if they are able. And whoever of you reverts from his religion [to disbelief] and dies while he is a disbeliever – for those, their deeds have become worthless in this world and the Hereafter, and those are the companions of the Fire, they will abide therein eternally} [Al-Baqarah: 217]. 
This crusade against the Islamic State is the greatest testimony from Allah for the prop- er manhaj of this Khilāfah. Anyone who says otherwise now should review his faith before death suddenly takes him while he stands with one foot in the trench of the crusaders and the other in the trench of the hypocrites whilst claiming he is in the grayzone! The mujāhid knows no grayzone. As the liar Bush truthfully said, “Either you are with us or you are with the terrorists.” 
Shaykh Usāmah Ibn Lādin (rahimahullāh) commented, “So the world today is divided into two camps. Bush spoke the truth when he said, ‘Either you are with us or you are with the terrorists.’ I.e. either you are with the cru- sade or you are with Islam. Bush today is in the frontline carrying a huge cross and tread- ing. I swear by Allah the Great that everyone who treads behind Bush in his plan has apos- tatized from the religion of Muhammad (sal- lallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam). This ruling is from the clearest of rulings in the Book of Allah and Sunnah of the Messenger (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam). The scholars have said this as I have mentioned before. The proof for this is the statement of Allah subhānahū wa ta’ālā in which he addresses the believers saying, {O you who have believed, do not 
take the Jews and the Christians as allies. They are allies of one another. And whoever is an ally to them among you – then indeed, he is [one] of them. Indeed, Allah guides not the wrongdoing people} [Al-Mā’idah: 51]. The people of knowl- edge said, ‘Whoever aligns with the kuffār has disbelieved.’ The biggest form of alliance is sup- port whether by statements, spears, or speech. So those who tread behind Bush in his crusade against the Muslims have disbelieved in Allah subhānahū wa ta’ālā and His Messenger. […] So I say to the Muslims, be wary very wary of allying with the Jews and Christians, and whoever has slipped by a word, then let him fear Allah, renew his faith, and repent from his deed. […] Even if he supported them just by a single word. He who aligns with them by a single word falls into apos- tasy – extreme apostasy, wa lā hawla wa lā quw- wata illā billāh” [Interview – 4 Sha’bān 1422H]. 
At this point of the crusade against the Islamic State, it is very important that attacks take place in every country that has entered into the alli- ance against the Islamic State, especially the US, UK, France, Australia, and Germany. Rather, the citizens of crusader nations should be targeted wherever they can be found. Let the muwahhid not be affected by “analysis paralysis” and thus abandon every operation only because his was- wās and “perfectionism” pushes him towards an operation that supposedly can never fail – one that only exists theoretically on paper. He should be pleased to meet his Lord even if with just one dead kāfir’s name written in his scroll of deeds, as the Prophet (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) said, “A kāfir and his killer will never gather in Hellfire” [Sahīh Muslim]. 
Secrecy should be followed when planning and executing any attack. The smaller the numbers of those involved and the less the discussion be- forehand, the more likely it will be carried out without problems. One should not complicate the attacks by involving other parties, purchas- ing complex materials, or communicating with weak-hearted individuals. “Rely upon Allah and stab the crusader” should be the battle cry for all Islamic State patrons. 
In the last few months, the world has seen ISIL’s bar- barity up close as its fighters advanced across western and northern Iraq and slaughtered thousands of inno- cent civilians, including Sunni and Shia Muslims and Kurdish Iraqis and religious minorities. ISIL’s murder of two US journalists outraged the American people and exposed to the world the depravity of ISIL’s ideology and tactics. Over the weekend, we saw ISIL’s murder of a British citizen. ISIL now controls a vast swath of eastern Syria and western and northern Iraq including towns and cities in all these areas. 
While ISIL clearly poses an immediate threat to Amer- ican citizens in Iraq and our interests in the Middle East, we also know that thousands of foreign fighters, including Europeans and more than 100 Americans have travelled to Syria. With passports that give them relative freedom of movement, these fighters can ex- ploit ISIL’s safe haven to plan, coordinate and carry out attacks against the United States and Europe. 
The case of Steven Sotloff contains a direct refutation against those who portray western journalism and humanitarian aid as purely in- nocent, for this man was a Jew and citizen of the Jewish state. In addition to his work for cru- sader media including TIME, National Interest, Foreign Policy, the Christian Science Monitor, and the Long War Journal, he also “freelanced” for two Jewish publications – the Jerusalem Re- port and the Jerusalem Post. The war against Islam for the sake of tāghūt is a media war as well as a military and intelligence struggle. It is not surprising then to know that dozens of spe- cialists were employed to hide his Jewish iden- tity from the world prior to his execution. This intelligence operation was done in cooperation with the Jewish state and media. 
Your recent public video of pleading to the Caliph- ate not to kill me has been received loud and clear by them. However, this in itself is not enough to save me. Although I’ve been informed that the ae- rial campaign in Iraq has been halted, which at the moment has given me breathing room thanks be to God, I believe it looks like it’s not enough Mom because Obama’s recent decision to fly spy drones over Syria in the Islamic State’s airspace is only ag- gravating and infuriating my captors further. This is obviously because the US government is inter- fering yet again in the affairs of the Islamic State. As for me being a journalist, they know this. I’ve repeatedly told them this, but like they always say, do US airstrikes differentiate between those who are armed and those who are unarmed? Likewise they don’t. Beseeching the Caliphate to spare my life will not help either of us, as the matter is in Obama’s next judgment. As you and the world have plainly seen in the recent video, the message was my life depends on Obama’s next decision. 
Around midnight on Sunday, “the 14/15th of Sep- tember 2014,” the crusaders trailed a caravan of vehicles transporting the families (women and children) of Islamic State soldiers from Wilāyat al-Barakah to Wilāyat Nīnawā. The women and children abandoned the vehicles near Sinjar after noticing that the caravan was being fol- lowed by US warplanes and drones. They then took shelter in nearby houses. After some of the vehicles were struck next to them, a number of the women got scared and fled from one of 
One observation is that the videos are scripted, and that perhaps I have no choice in the content. This is not true. The mujahidin suggest initial titles, I write the scripts, hand them over for any copy changes that need to be made and the videos are shot. It’s all very fast – the first eight videos were written, approved and filmed in just 12 days – but the mujahidin are like that. In quick, get the job done, move on to the next task. 
When your brain has had nothing to work on for two years except basic survival, and is suddenly put onto centre stage in front of the world’s media, it’s a shock to the sys- tem. Nothing, nothing, kablam! You’re on. I was used to working for the news before, not being the news, and it’s very different. Every word you say is examined, especially if you’re in my situation. So to really understand the content of the films, and why I say what I sometimes say, you need to appreciate the story behind the scenes. 
Such an environment forces the mind to change. I’ve had to become pretty tough inside, some- times just to get through each day. The Sheikh who originally captured James Foley and me back in November 2012 said, “to go through this you will need a heart of stone.” And he was right. I try to stay very calm, tolerant and accepting of my situation. Muslims call it ‘Qadr Allah,’ the will of God, who determines everything in advance. I am thankful for any comfort I receive and for every plate of food I get. 
It hasn’t been an easy road, and some of us had a bumpy ride. Once we were finally put into gen- eral population with dozens of European prison- ers, we had to watch them all go home to their loved ones while we, the British and Americans, were left behind. That was a bitter pill to swallow, but nothing compared to what came next. Now I’ve had to watch as James, Steven Sotloff, David Haines and Alan Henning walked out of the door, one every two weeks since August 18th, never to return, knowing they were going to be killed and going to their deaths. 
What does that do to a man? After enduring years of pain, darkness and regret, to see it all end in such a ghastly way when everyone else went home, to see ordinary guys, family men, loving fathers killed because their governments wouldn’t ne- gotiate because of ‘policy,’ wouldn’t even discuss options for saving them with their families – can you begin to imagine how that feels? This wasn’t a fateful soul taken at random, it was individuals missing for years in one of the most high-profile hostage crisis seen in modern history, with dozens 
We’d come all this way, putting one foot in front of the other, supporting one another when it got tough, praying together every day. We used to call it the Dead Zone when things got bad, after the area Everest climbers face above 26,000 feet as they approach the summit, when every step is agony, when they hardly have enough strength to carry on. We never gave up hope that our nations would negotiate for our release. 
But all that time, we never knew that the deci- sion regarding our fate had been made months beforehand in Washington and Whitehall. We never knew that our families, for whom it was like being locked up in prison with us, were be- ing blanked by the governments or being told there was nothing they could do. We never knew that the families were left to themselves to try anything and everything, while the men in charge folded their arms and of- fered their sympathies. 
What does that do to a man? It makes you deep- ly upset at such gross injustice. That’s for sure. I am not in possession of all the facts, and of course, I am biased. But how the head of state of any country could sit and watch us die here like this, then criticize their NATO partners for get- ting their people home seems utterly ruthless. Since when has not wanting to see your citizens executed in front of the world’s media been an act of weakness? 
America has paid ransoms and exchanged pris- oners for hostages held by terrorist groups be- fore. Just this year there was the release of Ser- geant Bowe Bergdahl in Afghanistan, who was exchanged for no less than five high-level pris- oners out of Guantanamo. Britain has also paid ransoms and exchanged prisoners for hostages with known terror groups. In 1991 Terry Waite fi- nally came home for a ransom of around $5 mil- lion, while a clandestine prisoner exchange took place with the Kosovo Liberation Army. That was in 1994, I believe. But not us. 
Somehow we slipped through every safety net, every policy change, and ended up on the floor of what will surely go down as one of the worst hostage disasters of recent times. Yes, America tried to ‘rescue’ us, but instead of spending all those millions of dollars sending ninja comman- dos in stealth helicopters and risking countless more lives like it was some Hollywood action movie, wouldn’t it have been safer and wiser to have just discussed options for prisoner ex- change in the first place? Even if nothing could have been agreed, surely it was worth discussing with the Islamic State. What possible harm could come from negotiations? I will never understand why we were deemed so expendable, but that doesn’t really matter now. 
Here in prison, we’d lived inside an absolute vac- uum for two years. Of the outside world, I knew nothing. The most complicated piece of appara- tus I’d handled was occasionally opening a can of processed meat; now there’s something called an iWatch. Then we started work on these vid- eos and as part of the research process, I was allowed to read news downloads on the impend- ing war in Iraq and Syria, and on our particular situation. And the more I read, the deeper it cut. 
I was so devastated to read about the lack of support for the families involved in our case that I wanted to make my voice heard on the matter. “We had to find a way through this on our own,” Diane Foley told reporters. Having watched Obama’s address to the nation on September 10th, I was appalled at the way the names of my dead friends were used to beat the drums of war, like they were being used to incite the public into supporting military action. I watched Steven’s mother making a televised plea to the Islamic State to spare her son after her gov- ernment declined to discuss anything with her, and read how Diane Foley was threatened with ‘funding terrorism’ charges as she tried to raise a ransom. I read emails from the mothers who’d sent letters to the President begging for help, and another where they’d directly contacted the family of one of the Muslim prisoners want- ed in exchange for us to see if there was any- thing, anything they could do. I learned about the failed rescue attempt, how our chances of survival were rated as so low that it was consid- ered the best option. “The intelligence was a bit stale, but you couldn’t not give it a swing,” said a spokesman. 
I was startled at what I’d learned, deeply hurt and realized I was desperately naïve. That we’d all been. I knew we were not important people, not special in any way. We’d found ourselves into a real bad spot and desperately needed help but I couldn’t grasp how we were just con- sidered an irritant to two of the most influential countries in the world, when all the European leaders engaged in discussions that ensured the safe return home of their people. Having chosen not to negotiate, our politicians must have known we’d be executed, yet it was decid- ed that if the rescue didn’t work (and they’re always a last-gasp option) then that was okay. Better we were beheaded one by one than talk to our captors. If that is policy, it’s insanity. 
To my darling wife, my friends in the media and my family: let our political leaders know it doesn’t have to be this way. Our political leaders have the power, if they choose to change things. For now, I am still alive, but at some point in the near fu- ture, the mujahidin will surely run out of patience. Just ask our government to talk. That’s all. Open a channel and negotiate with the Islamic State like the others did. If nothing is possible to agree on, then fine, but it cannot compromise policy to open a dialogue. 
I never told the others what I’d learned while they were still alive. I’d been moved to my small cell and had chosen to stay, so couldn’t talk to them anyway. I find the close confines of the walls stop my mind wandering too far and I can focus more, keep myself in check in my soli- tude. It was probably better the others didn’t know. Such a litany of anguish would only have filled them with fear and anger. 
“You will have a treaty of security with the Romans until you both fight an enemy beyond them. And you will be victorious, you will gain war booty, and you will achieve such without losses. Thereafter you will return until you lodge at a pastureland full of rocky mounds. A man from the Roman Christians will then raise the cross. He will say, ‘The cross has prevailed!’ A man from the Muslims will then say, ‘Rather Allah has prevailed,’ and then he will angrily rise and crush the cross which is not at a distance from him. Then the Romans will betray the treaty by rising against the breaker of the cross and striking his neck. The Muslims will then rise and rush to their arms. They will then battle. Allah will bless this party of Muslims with shahādah. The Romans will say to the Roman leader, ‘We are sufficient for you against the Arabs.’ They will then gather for the Malhamah (the grand battle before the Hour). They will come for you under eighty banners, with each banner there will be twelve thousand people” 
On the 20th of Muharram 1436, the Islamic State officially announced its expansion into the Arabian Peninsula, Yemen, Sinai Peninsu- la, Libya, and Algeria, and the establishment of wilāyāt therein. The Khalīfah Ibrāhīm (ha- fidhahullāh) also accepted the bay’āt from all groups and individuals who pledged alle- giance from other lands. Thus, while the eyes of the world were all blinded and spellbound by the sorcerous media “covering” the battle for ‘Ayn al-Islām, the eyes of the Islamic State were scanning East and West, preparing for the expansion that – by Allah’s permission – would put an end to the Jewish State, Āl Salūl, and the rest of the apostate tawāghīt, the al- lies of the cross. 
The flag of Khilāfah will rise over Makkah and al-Madīnah, even if the apostates and hypo- crites despise such. The flag of Khilāfah will rise over Baytul-Maqdis and Rome, even if the Jews and Crusaders despise such. The shade of this blessed flag will expand until it covers all eastern and western extents of the Earth, filling the world with the truth and justice of Islam and putting an end to the falsehood and tyranny of jāhiliyyah, even if America and its coalition despise such… 
His Messenger (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) also said, “This religion will reach all places night and day reach. Allah will not leave a home of mud nor fur (i.e. urban and nomadic homes) except that He will enter this religion into it, thereby honoring the honored and humiliating the humiliated with hon- or by which Allah honors Islam and humiliation by which Allah humiliates kufr” [Sahīh: Reported by Imām Ahmad on the authority of Tamīm ad-Dārī]. 
This is the promise of Allah. The true religion – embodied by the Jamā’ah of the Muslims (the Khilāfah) and their Imām (the Khalīfah) – will be manifest over all false religions, with proof and evidence and by the sword and spear, even if the kāfirīn and mushrikīn despise such, and despite all the military, economic, intelligence, political, and media opposition to the Islamic State from the co- alition of the cross. 
A number of the narrations concerning the events that take place in Shām as the Hour draws closer include the mention of ‘Īsā Ibn Maryam (‘alayhis-salām), one of the five Proph- ets known as ‘ulul-‘azm – the Messengers of strong will. These narrations typically speak of the final battles that the Muslims will engage in with the Christians and Jews, including the con- frontation in which the Muslims are led by ‘Īsā (‘alayhis-salam) against the Dajjāl. 
If Allah had willed, He could have left the Mus- lims to witness this epic engagement under the leadership of an ordinary man from amongst them. Instead, He decreed that it would be a Prophet – returning as a follower of the Sharī’ah of Muhammad (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) – who would deal the decisive blow to the Dajjāl and his followers, the cursed Jews, who have a history of betraying and even killing the Proph- ets of Allah. It would be one of the very Proph- ets whom they tried, but failed, to kill that would slay their “awaited king.” 
{And [We cursed them] for their breaking of the covenant and their disbelief in the signs of Allah and their killing of the Prophets without right and their saying, “Our hearts are covered.” Rather, Allah has sealed them because of their disbelief, so they believe not, except for a few. And [We cursed them] for their disbelief and their saying against Maryam a great slander. And [for] their saying, “Indeed, we have killed the Masīh, ‘Īsā, the son of Maryam, the Messenger of Allah.” And they did not kill him, nor did they crucify him; but [another] was made to resemble him to them} [An-Nisā’: 155-157]. 
{Have you not considered the one who argued with Ibrāhīm about his Lord [merely] because Allah had given him kingship? When Ibrāhīm said, “My Lord is the one who gives life and causes death,” he said, “I give life and cause death.” Ibrāhīm said, “Indeed, Allah brings up the sun from the east, so bring it up from the west.” So the disbeliever was overwhelmed [by astonish- ment], and Allah does not guide the wrongdoing people} [Al-Baqarah: 258]. 
Furthermore, his shahādah was that of the best of the shuhadā’, as he was killed for standing up to a tyrant ruler and forbidding him from committing evil. Allah’s Messenger (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) said, “The best of the shu- hadā’ are Hamzah Ibn ‘Abdul-Muttalib, and a man who stands up to a tyrant ruler, ordering him to do good and forbidding him from doing evil, so he [the ruler] kills him” [Hasan: Report- ed by al-Hākim and others on the authority of Jābir]. Amongst the opinions mentioned by the schol- 
ars of tafsir concerning the death of Yahya (‘alay- his-salām) is that he was killed by the king of the Children of Isrā’īl after forbidding him from mar- rying a woman that was not permissible for him to marry. This opinion is attributed to ‘Abdullah Ibn ‘Abbas, ‘Abdullah Ibn az-Zubayr, al-Husayn Ibn ‘Alī, and as-Suddī, although they differed as to whether it was his daughter, his niece, his stepdaughter, or the former wife of his brother (accordingly, this would have been forbidden in their law) [Zād al-Masīr]. 
In studying the death of Yahyā (‘alayhis-salām), a Muslim is inspired to stand firm in the face of fit- nah no matter how trying the circumstances may be and regardless of the potential consequenc- es. However, a Muslim needs to understand that every individual is tested according to his level of īmān. Indeed, Allah’s Messenger (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) was asked who were the most severely tested of people. He said, “The Proph- ets” [Sahīh: Reported by at-Tirmidhī and Ibn Mā- jah on the authority of Sa’d Ibn Abī Waqqās]. So it’s no surprise that Yahyā (‘alayhis-salām), being one of Allah’s Prophets, would be made to face a test as severe as standing in the face of the ruler and speaking a word of truth that would displease him. 
The lesson to be taken is that even the best of mankind would find hardship in their da’wah and jihād and seek support from Allah ta’ālā. At times the hardship would be so severe that they would ask, {“When (will come) the help of Allah?”} [Al-Baqarah: 214]. But they would press forward regardless, seeking to fulfill their mission in spite of the difficulty they faced. More so, they would do it with a sense of ur- gency rather than lagging behind or allowing someone else to step in and finish the job. 
This is illustrated in an incident mentioned by the Prophet (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) about Yahyā (‘alayhis-salām). He said, “Indeed, Allah ordered Yahyā Ibn Zakarīyā (‘alayhimas-salām) with five commands, instructing him to act on them and to order the Children of Isrā’īl to act on them, and he was almost slow to do so. Allah then revealed to ‘Īsā, ‘Either he conveys the commands or you convey them.’ So ‘Īsā (‘alay- his-salām) said to him, ‘Indeed, you were given five commands and instructed to act on them and to order the Children of Isrā’īl to act on them. So either you convey them or I will do so.’ Yahyā said, ‘O spirit of Allah! I fear that if you do it before me I will be punished or the earth will sink beneath me.’ He then gathered the Children of Isrā’īl in Baytil-Maqdis until it filled and then sat on a high platform. He then praised Allah and conveyed the five commands revealed to him…” [Sahīh: Reported by at-Tirmidhī, an-Nasā’ī, and others on the authority of al-Hārith al-Ash’arī]. 
This defiant region had long been a stronghold of the mujāhidīn in their fight against the US invasion more than a decade ago, continually terrorizing US forces and their allies during the course of their war in Iraq. Indeed, cities such as Fallūjah are the very reason that it was long considered political suicide for Obama to put “boots on the ground.” Thus, it would only be natural to assume that as the Islamic State continued to expand, it would place a strong focus on cleansing its bastion of Safawī forces and Sahwāh militias, thereby consolidating its hold on the very region that gave it birth only a few years before. 
Kurdish Muslims have continued for a long time now to flow into the ranks of the Islam- ic State, waging jihād with their lives and their wealth against the disbelievers, including those from amongst their own people. As Shaykh Abū Muhammad al-‘Adnānī highlighted in a recent statement, “Our war with Kurds is a religious war. It is not a nationalistic war – we seek the refuge of Allah. We do not fight Kurds because they are Kurds. Rather we fight the disbelievers amongst them, the allies of the crusaders and Jews in their war against the Muslims. As for 
Meanwhile, the Islamic State announced the expansion of the Khilāfah to Sinai, Libya, Yemen, Algeria, and the Arabian Peninsula, accepting the bay’āt of the mujāhidīn in those lands. The news caused Muslims all over the Khilāfah to take to the streets in celebration. They realize that with this announcement, the battle on many of these fronts will intensify even fur- ther and will require an even greater level of patience. Yet, they celebrate, for they see the promise of Allah continuing to take shape every 
passing day. They see that the Khilāfah has not only returned, but is remain- ing and expanding, bringing Muslims of all colors under one banner and one leader to rid their lands of the tawāghīt and raise their swords in unity against the Jews and crusaders. With every kā- fir that is enlisted to fight the Islamic State, every bomb that is dropped onto the homes of its people, every lie that is circulated against it by the international media, and every coin that is spent to try to halt its advance, the Khilāfah and its mujāhidīn only grow stronger, more de- termined and more defiant. Let the forc- es of kufr do what they can to wage war against it, for the Islamic State, by Allah’s permission, will only continue to move forward. Remaining and expanding... 
Formerly ‘Ayn al-‘Arab, or Kobani, the city of ‘Ayn al-Islām was the target of an aggressive advance by the Islamic State that began nearly two months ago. The mujāhidīn quickly overwhelmed the resistance put up by the PKK/YPG and reached the outskirts of the city, even as American warplanes began targeting their positions in support of the com- munist entity. From there, it wasn’t long before they broke the murtaddīn’s de- fenses and fought their way through the city, as PKK supporters and media corre- spondents alike watched the onslaught from the sidelines in Turkey. 
In an effort to disentangle the Ummah from the corrupt, interest-based global financial system, the Islamic State recently announced the mint- ing of new currency based on the intrinsic val- ues of gold, silver, and copper. This initiative is a significant step towards shifting the Ummah away from the usage of currencies that are no longer backed by any precious metals, and whose values are constantly manipulated by the central banks of their respective nations. 
The announcement of the new currencies fea- tured the various metals, weights, and denom- inations, as well as the image that would be present on each coin and a description of what that image symbolized. The images used are representative of the guidance that the Mus- lims have attained from the Book of Allah and the Sunnah of His Messenger (sallallāhu ‘alay- hi wa sallam). They include an image of seven stalks of wheat, symbolizing the blessings of sadaqah, a spear and shield, symbolizing the Muslim’s provisions from jihad, and date palm trees, symbolizing the Muslim’s deep-rooted faith, firm patience, and fruitful deeds. 
The minting of a unique currency specific to the Muslims and based on precious metals has its precedence in the Umawī Khilāfah of ‘Ab- dul-Malik Ibn Marwān. The Muslims during the time of the Prophet (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sal- lam), the Rightly-Guided Khulafā’, and the early Umawī Khulafā’ made use of coinage circulated by the Persian and Roman empires. They later began minting their own versions of these coins whereby they would alter the imagery on the coins to remove any shirkī connotations. 
Tamīm ad-Dārī (radiyallāhu ‘anh) narrated that Rasūlullāh (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) said, “This religion will reach all places night and day reach. Allah will not leave a home of mud nor fur (i.e. urban and nomadic homes) except that He will enter this religion into it, thereby honoring the honored and humil- iating the humiliated with honor by which Allah honors Islam and humiliation by which Allah humiliates kufr.” 
“Allah – the Exalted – said, {And hold firmly to the rope of Allah all together and do not become divided} [Āl ‘Imrān: 103]. And Allah’s Messenger (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) said, “Whoever dies while not having a pledge of allegiance, dies a death of jāhiliyyah” [Sahīh Muslim on the au- thority of ‘Imrān]. Therefore, in obedience to the order of Allah (‘azza wa jall) and in obedience to His Messenger (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam), or- dering not to divide and to stick to the jamā’ah, we declare the bay’ah to the Khalīfah Ibrāhīm Ibn ‘Awwād Ibn Ibrāhīm al-Qurashī al-Husaynī, pledging to selflessly hear and obey, in times of hardship and ease, and in times of delight and dislike. We pledge not to dispute the matter of those in authority except if we see obvious kufr concerning which we have proof from Allah. We call the Muslims everywhere to give bay’ah to 
“We pledged allegiance because there is no cure for khilāf (differing) other than the Khilāfah. Like- wise, we call every Muslim towards this good, for indeed, it is even more infuriating for the en- emies of Allah. By Allah, our rallying under one leader is harder on the enemies of Allah than a thousand victories on the battlefield. And do not be deceived by the desertion of the deserters. Ibn Hazm (rahimahullāh) said, ‘As for he who says that the imāmah is not valid except with the approval of the Ummah’s dignitaries all across the various lands, then this is false, because it is asking for something that is unachievable, is not within anyone’s capability, and is the most tremendous of burdens, whereas Allah does not 
it by not standing beneath its banner, at a time in which the world has completely gathered against it. What is wrong with you? What is your excuse, O mujāhidīn? Your unity is strength and your division is weakness. Its might is your might, if only you understood. There is no good in you if they reach it and harm it while you have a sin- gle breath left. And I do not think you will allow such to happen. So settle your matter, gather yourselves, and support your state, for you de- pend on it and it depends on you. By Allah, it is upon the clear truth and supported by Allah, the Mighty, the Strong. So fear Allah, your Lord. Do not let Shaytān deceive you with his propaganda and slander. Indeed, he is a clear enemy to you.” 
“Allah’s Messenger (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sal- lam) had given us glad tidings of Khilāfah upon the methodology of prophethood. And indeed, by Allah, we have seen it as a Khilāfah upon the methodology of prophethood. And when we heard the trumpets of the Jews and Christians – the callers upon the gates of Hellfire – we answered the order of Allah’s Messenger that obliged sticking to the jamā’ah of the Muslims and their Imām, for Hudhayfah (radiyallāhu ‘anh) said, ‘The people used to ask Allah’s Mes- senger (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) about good, and I used to ask him about evil, fearing that it might overtake me…’ In the hadīth, he says, ‘Is there any evil after this good?’ He responded, ‘Yes, callers upon the gates of Hellfire. Whoev- er answers them will be throw into it by them.’ He said, ‘O Allah’s Messenger, describe them to me.’ He said, ‘They are from our skin and speak with our tongues.’ He said, ‘So what do you or- der me with if I reach that time?’ He said, ‘Stick to the jamā’ah of the Muslims and their Imām’ [Al-Bukhārī and Muslim].” 
wilāyāt, and the nullification of all parties and groups therein. In one of the most powerful addresses given since the establishment of the Islamic State, he said, “Glad tidings, O Muslims, for we give you good news by announcing the expansion of the Islamic State to new lands, to the lands of al-Haramayn and Yemen… to Egypt, Libya, and Algeria. We announce the accep- tance of the bay’ah of those who gave us bay’ah in those lands, the nullification of the groups therein, the announcement of new wilāyāt for the Islamic State, and the appointment of wulāt for them.” 
Prior to the announcement of the new wilāyāt, a number of groups in Khurāsān, al-Qawqāz, In- donesia, Nigeria, the Philippines, and elsewhere had pledged their allegiance to the Khalīfah, and continue to do so daily. The Islamic State announced the acceptance of the bay’āt from all of these groups and individuals – may Allah accept their noble oath and keep them firm upon their covenant, free of falter – but delayed the announcement of their respective wilāyāt, while recognizing that some groups from the aforementioned lands are larger and stronger than a few of those related to the newly an- nounced wilāyāt. This delay should end with either the appointment or recognition of lead- ership by the Khalīfah for those lands where multiple groups have given bay’āt and merged, or the establishment of a direct line of commu- nication between the Khilāfah and the mujāhid leadership of lands who have yet to contact the Islamic State and thus receive information and directives from the Khalīfah. May Allah bring glad tidings from these lands and others soon and fill the believers’ hearts with further joy. 
Thus, after the passing of eight years since the establishment of the Islamic State in Ramadān 1427, the unfaltering mujāhidīn brought delight to the heart and soul of every muwahhid on the surface of the Earth through their unity and ex- pansion. This achievement was just an issue of patience, as Rasūlullāh (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sal- lam) said, “Know that there is much good in be- ing patient in the face of what you dislike, that with patience comes victory, that with suffering comes relief, and that with hardship comes ease” [Sahīh: Reported by Imām Ahmad on the author- ity of Ibn ‘Abbās]. However, some people expect blatant, material results to come spontaneously. They are those who Rasūlullāh (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) described with his words, “But you are a people who hasten” [Sahīh al-Bukhārī on the authority of Khabbāb], and because they did not see this expansion days after the announce- ment of the Islamic State eight years ago, but in- stead saw the Sahwah conspiracy and the with- drawal of much of the Islamic State to the Anbār desert, they lost hope in the victory promised by Allah to the muwahhid mujāhidīn. And sufficient for us is Allah, and He is the best Disposer of af- fairs. 
Now those who carried on with patience – de- spite what they faced of imprisonment, pursuit by kāfir intelligence and security agencies, dis- tance from friends and families, poverty, the death of companions, and injuries – have reaped the fruit of their efforts for the benefit of future generations of Muslims all over the world. May _____________ 1 Some of the deviants attempt to quote this hadīth as a support for their deviance, claiming that because either they themselves are from the Arabian Peninsula or because their deeds are equivalent to those practiced by their likes in the Arabian Peninsula, that they therefore cannot be considered apostates. If their he- retical reasoning were correct, it would have been used as a proof similarly by the apostates of Banū Hanīfah in the Arabian Peninsula – Musaylamah al-Kadhdhāb and his followers! Rather, the scholars have explained the hadīth to indicate the impossibility of the people of the Arabian Peninsula unanimously abandoning Islam or to show the condition of hopelessness inside Shaytān’s heart, not necessarily the correctness of his presumption. 
Salūl, their soldiers, their officers, their agents, and the Rāfidah, to be kāfirīn without question, not veiled in layers of political “correctness” resulting from the “wisdom” of modern jihād claimants. This magazine and the books pub- lished by it provided a shar’ī background for mujāhidīn in many lands. Its publications were held in high esteem by Shaykh Abū Mus’ab az- Zarqāwī and his companions. 
security nor rest for Āl Salūl and their soldiers af- ter today. There is no place for the mushrikīn in the peninsula of Muhammad (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam). Draw your swords. Deal with the Rā- fidah first, wherever you find them, then Āl Salūl and their soldiers before the crusaders and their bases. Deal with the Rāfidah, Āl Salūl, and their soldiers. Dismember their limbs. Snatch them as groups and individuals. Embitter their lives and make them occupied with themselves instead of us. Be patient and do not hasten. Soon – in- shā’allah – the vanguards of the Islamic State will reach you.” 
Sadly, the dominant methodology in Yemen, es- pecially after the so-called “Arab Spring,” was one that prohibited the targeting of the Rāfidī Houthis because they were allegedly “Mus- lims” excused due to ignorance! It was a man- haj that abandoned the targeting of the apos- tate government, army, police, and intelligence forces, except if that specific person or building was openly and directly involved in crusader drone strikes, as if the apostasy and crimes of the tawāghīt and their forces were not enough cause to fight them in a land with the ideal con- ditions for large-scale jihād! It was a manhaj that was ashamed of achieving tamkīn (consol- idation) because such is not permissible except after attaining the unachievable approval of the sorcerous media, palace scholars, deviant par- ties, and their herds, all of which they refer to with the blanket term “Ummah!” 
for Yemen, then O alas for what has come upon Yemen. Alas! Alas for Sanaa. The Rafidī Houth- is have entered it, but the car bombs have not roasted their skin, nor have the explosive belts and IEDs severed their joints. Is there not in Ye- men a person who will take revenge for us from the Houthis? {And if you turn away, He will re- place you with another people; then they will not be the likes of you} [Muhammad: 38]” [In- deed Your Lord Is Ever Watchful]. 
“And O soldiers of Yemen… O people of sup- port and aid… O people of wisdom and faith… be harsh against the Houthi Rāfidah, for they are kuffār murtaddīn. Fight them and overcome them. Be certain that their turn is coming and it will be in your favor, for the Rāfidah are a forsak- en nation. If they had found muwahhidīn to fight them, their evil would not have festered. Thus, seek Allah’s aid, for you can handle them, in- shā’allah. Strike their shirk with your tawhīd, and Allah will break their strength. Allah will trans- fer their wealth and arms to you. You will seize it from their hands as war booty through which you will support Allah’s religion and continue to be the people of support.” 
Al-Qurtubī said in his tafsīr of the verse, {And [We brought forth] a tree issuing from the Tūr of Sinai which produces oil and food for those who eat} [Al-Mu’minūn: 20], “The Tūr of Sinai is from the land of Shām. It is the mountain where Allah spoke to Mūsā (‘alayhis-salām). This is what Ibn ‘Abbās and others said. This has been mentioned before in the tafsīr of al-Baqarah and al-A’rāf. And ‘tūr’ 
Sinai is also a front against the Jews, an import- ant step towards the liberation of Baytul-Ma- qdis. This expansion brings the battle where the Jews hide behind their gharqad trees closer to the Muslims, by ridding the path of the ob- stacles manifested in the apostate regime and army of Fir’awn. Again, the mujāhidīn of Sinai faced opposition in the past from those jihād claimants who called for the continuation and the preservation of pacifist opposition even if such necessitated a termination of jihād and collapse of tawhīd. They ignored the whispers of the unwise and fought the tāghūt while rely- ing upon Allah until they were blessed by their Lord with victories and consolidation. 
“And O sons of creed in beloved Sinai, con- gratulations and glad tidings. Congratulations to you, O men. Congratulations to you for you have carried out the obligation of jihād against the tawāghīt of Egypt. Congratulations to you for you have supported Baytul-Maqdis. Congrat- ulations to you for you have terrified the Jews. What can we say to you, as you have broken your sheaths, burnt your ships, and advanced, paving your path through stone, while being patient in the face of bitterness and holding onto coals. Be patient and have glad tidings, for Allah will sup- port you.” 
Libya and Algeria share a common history in that from North Africa, the Muslims conquered Spain and entered into Western Europe, re- maining there for centuries. Two of the most important historical figures in the conquest of Ifrīqiyā (North Africa) and thereafter al-Anda- lus are ‘Uqbah Ibn Nāfi’ (leader of the armies that conquered Ifrīqiyā during the Khilāfah of Mu’āwiyah and his son Yazīd) and Tāriq Ibn Zi- yād (leader of the North African Islamic armies that conquered al-Andalus during the Umawī Khilāfah). 
Libya – from amongst the lands mentioned in the official expansion – is the one with the strongest presence of the Islamic State, with larger cities already being administered solely by its leaders and soldiers. It has received muhājirīn from many lands, a number of them performing shahādah operations against the murtaddīn to further consolidate the Islamic State. Also, many of the muhājirīn in Shām came from Libya and spilled 
“And O lions of tawhīd in Libya, Algeria, Tunisia, and Morocco… O heroes of jihād… O descen- dants of ‘Uqbah, Tāriq, and Ibn Tāshifīn… there is no good in you if you surrender the lands to the sons of secularism as long as you have a blinking eye. There is no good in you if they are secure and happy while you have a pulsing vein. There is no good in you if you incline towards the Dunyā and desert or turn back. No, rather you were made for good and good was made for you. You are the fuel and support of every ji- 
gain, like other lands, the Islamic State uproot- ed methodologies in Libya that allowed for the consolidation of murtaddīn – the allies of the crusaders – by ordering to directly target them, despite what might be said by the weak-hearted and sick-hearted, those who claimed that Libya should only be a land for “da’wah” immediate- ly after the killing of Gaddafi despite the abun- dance of arms and the condition of tawahhush (mayhem) then ideal for jihād. ALGERIA 
Algeria is the land whose mujāhidīn waged possibly the longest continuous jihād against a tāghūt regime since the withdrawal of the Eu- ropean crusaders from the Muslims’ lands and their erection of apostate proxies to rule the region after their departure. Their jihād faced many tribulations and digressions, most recently deviation from jihād against the apostate regime towards a call for peaceful coexistence alongside the regimes of the so-called “Arab Spring” and 
“And indeed the Islamic State will remain. It will remain because it was built upon the corpses of martyrs and it quenched its thirst with their blood, and by such the market for Jannah was convened. It will remain because the success granted by Allah in this jihād is more obvious than the sun in the center of the sky. It will re- main because it did not become contaminated by a prohibited income or distorted methodolo- gy. It will remain by the truthfulness of the lead- ers who sacrificed their blood and the truthful- 
And due to their commitment to walā’ and barā’, when Shaykh Abū Muhammad al-‘Adnānī made a call to target crusaders everywhere, the mujāhidīn of Algeria were the quickest to answer his call, and immediately presented a French prisoner for execution if the French did not withdraw from the American coalition against the Islamic State, and then executed him when the French arrogantly in- sisted upon continuing their transgressions. 
ness of the soldiers who established it with their forearms. We consider them as such and Allah is their ultimate judge. It will remain because it is the union of the mujāhidīn and the haven for the oppressed people. It will remain because Is- lam has begun to ascend and tower, the cloud has begun to scatter, and kufr has begun to be routed and exposed. It will remain because it is the supplication of the oppressed, the tear of the bereaved, the scream of the prisoners, and the hope of the orphans. It will remain because kufr in all its religions and sects gathered against us, and every treacherous person of desire and innovation began to slander and vilify us, so we became certain of the truthfulness of the goal and correctness of the path. It will remain be- cause we are upon certainty that Allah will not break the hearts of the oppressed muwahhidīn and that He will not let the oppressive people gloat over us. It will remain because Allah ta’ālā promised in His precise revelation and said,{Allah has promised those who have believed among you and done righteous deeds that He will sure- ly grant them succession [to authority] upon the earth just as He granted it to those before them and that He will surely establish for them [there- in] their religion which He has preferred for them and that He will surely substitute for them, after their fear, security} [An-Nūr: 55]. {And Allah is predominant over His affair, but most of the people do not know} [Yūsuf: 21].” 
RAND Corporation – a think tank formed to provide re- search and analysis to the US crusader forces – published two interviews with RAND “experts” discussing the US strategy and airstrikes against the Islamic State. The hope- lessness and confusion pres- ent in their tone and easily readable between the lines – beneath a layer of distor- tion – only show the futility of the campaign and coalition launched against the Islamic State. The crusader “experts” – Andrew Liepman, senior political analyst and former principal deputy director of the National Counterterror- ism Center; Linda Robinson, senior political analyst and author; Ben Connable, senior analyst and retired Marine Corps Intelligence officer; and Angel Rabasa, senior political scientist – had the following to say: 
Robinson: This kind of partnered counterterrorism ap- proach that the president has been talking about requires really refining how America deals with its partners. In this case, every partner is problematic. Iraqi security forces have crumbled in recent months. The Shia militias are problematic. The Sunnis could potentially turn against ISIS, but they are very wary of this new government. The Peshmurgas, the Kurdish militia, are least problematic. Fi- nally, the Syrian opposition is terribly weak. 
Connable: I’m not sure anybody has a clear understanding of who’s who in Syria. Identities and loyalties shift. I don’t think it’s going to cripple the strategy, but it is a serious hurdle. The absence of a clearly envisioned end state con- dition is important. What is it that we want this group that we’re going to support to do after ISIS is defeated? The Free Syrian Army is the group we go to now. They’ve suf- fered battlefield defeats. They’re politically disorganized. I’m not sure what they would do with the Syrian state if they were able to assume control. 
If ever there were a shining, 24-carat example of good reasons not to reverse your own promises and declare another war in the Middle East, then we are witnessing it right now. $424 million dol- lars’ worth of airstrikes over Iraq and Syria have re- sulted in little more than the continued expansion and consolidation of the Islamic State in both coun- tries, while the black flag of tawhīd now flutters on the skylines of Libya, Yemen, Sinai, and elsewhere, as the growth of the Islamic State gathers pace abroad. 
Much to the dread of western political lead- ers, the Islamic State is now truly moving with great momentum. As an entity enjoys suc- cess, it attracts more to its fold, thereby caus- ing expansion and breeding more success un- til it achieves some sort of critical mass, the point at which it becomes self-perpetuating, self-sustaining. And for the moment, the talk about the Islamic State is not even of its con- tinued expansion in the Arab nations of the Middle East, but its reach into the homelands and living rooms of ordinary people living thousands of miles away in western cities and suburbs. The Islamic State has now become a global player. 
“You must strike the soldiers, patrons, and troops of the tawāghīt. Strike their police, security, and intelligence members. If you can kill a disbelieving American or European – especially the spiteful and filthy French – or an Australian, or a Canadian, or any other disbeliever from the disbelievers wag- ing war against the Islamic State, then rely upon Allah, and kill him in any manner or way however it may be.” 
In Australia, Numan Haider stabbed two coun- terterrorism police officers. In Canada, a sol- dier was shot and killed in front of the war memorial in Ottawa by 32 year-old Michael Zehaf-Bibeau on October 22nd, who then en- tered Canada’s parliamentary building looking for other targets before himself being shot and killed by police. In the same week anoth- er two soldiers were run over in a hit-and-run in Quebec by Martin Couture-Rouleau and in New York, Zale Thompson attacked four po- licemen in Queens with a hatchet, the mo- ment of his savage attack caught on CCTV cameras and beamed into people’s homes all across America. 
ll these attacks were the direct result of the Shaykh’s call to action, and they highlight what a deadly tinderbox is fizzing just beneath the surface of every western country, waiting to explode into violent action at any moment given the right conditions. Suddenly the mu- jāhidīn of the Islamic State weren’t some es- oteric concept fighting in a land nobody knew or cared about, they were on the doorstep of millions of people living in some of the big- gest, most modern cities in the western world. The attacks served as a damning indictment of America’s continued policy of foreign inter- vention. Everything the United States and its allies had been fighting for in the “war on ter- ror,” the old “if we don’t fight them there we’ll 
The significance of these attacks and others is enormous and cannot be underestimated. By calling on Muslims around the world to rise up in arms, the Shaykh launched attacks in Canada, America, and Australia (three of the countries mentioned in his speech) with nothing more than words and a shared belief in the act of wor- ship that is jihād. A general in a conventional army couldn’t possibly hope to have such power over men he’d never met on the other side of the world, ordering them to attack and possibly be killed, even if he offered them money! The NYPD officers in New York were fortunate they were attacked with a hatchet and not a gun, oth- erwise the outcome could have been even more serious. 
And the numbers of Muslims taking up arms in the name of jihād under the banner of the Is- lamic State are growing, and they’re growing fast. According to Western media, the Islamic State now boasts over 35,000 fighters. Its grasp has now spread across northern Africa into Lib- ya and Algeria, across to Yemen and up to the Arabian Peninsula where the Shiites and regimes are now being attacked by mujāhidīn loyal to the Islamic State. If it’s such isolated numbers, why is Jordan shaking in its boots and why does Tur- key shiver upon hearing mention of the Islamic 
It is one thing for an individual to think about at- tacking or killing another man. It happens every day and such thoughts are neither uncommon nor even that alarming. But to actually step up and do it at the behest of a man they had nev- er met, never seen, fighting in a country several thousand miles away who did not even speak their language, shows an undeniable strength in the power of jihād. Regardless of their social standing, regardless of who these men were that committed these acts or how long they had been Muslim, it demonstrates the immense 
I’ve quoted him far too often in the past but hope he will forgive me if I reach into the box of Michael Scheuer quotes once again. In a text published on the 2nd of September he commented, “We are far past facing terrorists. Rather, we are in the midst of fighting an inter- national insurgency, and we are on the way to a world war that the United States will have to fight at home and abroad if the foreign-policy status quo is retained.” 
Boom – there it is, just as Michael predicted. Spurred on by continual American intervention, the sphere of influence of the Islamic State has expanded to such a degree that they can now order attacks on US soil by complete strangers via word alone. An international insurgency. It’s the nightmare scenario for the governments, one they’ve spent trillions trying to avoid but, ironically, fuelled instead with their constant meddling in the affairs of the Muslim world. 
From my own experience here, our govern- ments are too aloof, prideful, and conventional in their way of thinking to have any idea how to proceed in the face of such a global threat. They will simply continue to do what they’ve been doing for the last two decades which has gradually been making the situation worse and worse. The intervention in Iraq today (such as it is) is little different to the one before except with more window-dressing and, at some point in the future, proxy boots on the ground instead of American ones because, to the people back in the USA, it doesn’t matter how many of their allies die. And until they get their act together the Peshmerga can bear the brunt of the dying with the odd resupply from the air and some Special Forces help on the ground. 
The governments are like a robot that is stuck on a loop, continually performing the wrong se- quence despite repeated instructions by its mas- ter to the contrary. Master to robot: You have to find a different way of addressing the danger the mujāhidīn pose to the west. “Cannot… com- pute…” Military action doesn’t work, what about negotiations? “Must… obey… programming…” Everything you’ve done since 9/11 has put us in more danger, not less. “Zzzzz… syntax… error…” 
Of course, Robo-Obama doesn’t listen to voic- es of reason and thus programs himself with the same corrupted old data, making the same mistakes over and over again. James Comey de- scribed the Islamic State mujāhidīn as “savag- es” in September (a classic example of prideful and conventionalist thinking that will progress absolutely nothing) while Nick Paton-Walsh de- scribed their tactics in CNN as “eerily sophisticat- ed,” which is a much more educated comment and closer to the truth, except Nick’s just a jour- nalist while James Comey is director of the FBI. 
If I were the president of the US today – and let it be said, I am very glad I am not – I’d be aghast at the mess that was blowing up in my face. Sucked into a war I claimed was over, making allies with the most vile tyrants in the Middle East, commit- ting my country and presidency into a cauldron of conflict while my own people rise up against me in response to the Islamic State’s call, already halfway to the magic one billion dollars spent and the enemy appear to be leapfrogging from strength to strength. And not just that, they’re actually expanding their influence and territo- ry into other countries I’d already built military bases in and committed billions of dollars into to stop them doing just that. 
This month, an attack was carried out in Sydney by Man Haron Monis, a Muslim who resolved to join the mujāhidīn of the Islamic State in their war against the crusader coalition. He did not do so by undertaking the journey to the lands of the Khilāfah and fighting side-by-side with his broth- ers but rather, by acting alone and striking the kuffār where it would hurt them most – in their own lands and on the very streets that they pre- sumptively walk in safety. It didn’t take much; he got hold of a gun and stormed a café taking every- one inside hostage. Yet in doing so, he prompted mass panic, brought terror to the entire nation, and triggered an evacuation of parts of Sydney’s central business district. The blessings in his ef- forts were apparent from the very outset. 
After a lengthy standoff, brother Man Haron Mo- nis was killed. His daring raid ended with two kāfir hostages dead, and four others wounded, includ- ing a police officer. Thus, he added his name to the list of Muslims who answered the Khilāfah’s call to strike those waging war against the Islamic State wherever they may be, as conveyed by its spokesman, Shaykh Abū Muhammad al-‘Adnānī. “If you can kill a disbelieving American or Europe- an – especially the spiteful and filthy French – or an Australian, or a Canadian, or any other disbe- liever from the disbelievers waging war, including the citizens of the countries that entered into a coalition against the Islamic State, then rely upon Allah, and kill him in any manner or way however it may be. Do not ask for anyone’s advice and do not seek anyone’s verdict” [Indeed Your Lord Is Ever Watchful]. 
There will be others who follow the examples set by Man Haron Monis and Numan Haider in Aus- tralia, Martin Couture-Rouleau and Michael Ze- haf-Bibeau in Canada, Zale Thompson in America, and Bertrand Nzohabonayo in France, and all that the West will be able to do is to anxiously await the next round of slaughter and then issue the same tired, cliché statements in condemnation of it when it occurs. The Muslims will continue to defy the kāfir war machine, flanking the cru- saders on their own streets and bringing the war back to their own soil. 
[1] Sincerity to Allah in both word and deed, for Allah does not accept any action unless it is done sincerely and correctly. The Messenger (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) said, “Actions are judged according to their intentions, and ev- ery man shall have what he intended.” He (sal- lallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) also said, “I swear by the One in whose hand is the soul of Muham- mad, there is no wound that is obtained for the 
And with that lies the success in both the world- ly life and the Hereafter. Allah’s Messenger (sal- lallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) said, “Allah has guar- anteed the one who performs jihād in His path, having left his home for no reason other than to perform jihād in His path out of belief in His words, that He would enter him into Jannah or return him back home with what he has at- tained of reward or ghanīmah.” 
[2] Ask the people of knowledge what is required of you when anything befalls you concerning the obligation of jihād in the path of Allah, for there is a scholarly consensus that knowledge must precede action. Allah’s Messenger (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa salllam) said, “Seeking knowledge is an obligation upon every Muslim.” So don’t kill or take ghanīmah without first knowing why you’re doing so. And the least that can be done in that regard is to seek the fatwā of a scholar whose knowledge and religious practice you trust. 
[3] Beware of letting the affection you have towards a relative or loved one turn you away from aiding Allah’s religion. Indeed, we know that this can tear you apart, but remember the statement of Allah (ta’ālā), {O you who have be- lieved, do not take My enemies and your ene- mies as allies, extending to them affection while they have disbelieved in what came to you of the truth} [Al-Mumtahanah: 1]. For Allah’s right is more obligatory, and supporting His religion is more essential. 
[4] By Allah, I love you, and I love that which will save you. So listen to my advice concerning an important issue, the issue of takfīr. The Messen- ger (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) said, “Whoev- er says concerning a believer that which is not true, Allah will cause him to reside in the mud of corruption [composed of the pus from the people of Hellfire] until he takes back what he said.” Therefore, know my dear brother that the label and ruling of kufr is a right that belongs to Allah (ta’ālā) and which you are not allowed to apply to anyone except those who deserve it ac- cording to the Sharī’ah. And know that takfīr has both conditions and preventative factors, so we don’t declare takfīr of someone unless the con- ditions are fulfilled and the preventative factors are eliminated. A person might make a state- 
[5] Fulfill any agreements and covenants of se- curity that are valid according to the Sharī’ah, and be extremely cautious of Shaytān’s incite- ments. Allah (ta’ālā) said, {So he who breaks his word only breaks it to the detriment of him- self} [Al-Fath: 10]. Allah’s Messenger (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) said, “The blood of every Muslim is equal. The lowest amongst them will have his guarantee of protection fulfilled by them. The most distant of them will also have his guarantee of protection honored. They are one hand against all others. The weak fighter amongst them is equal in his share of ghanīmah with the strong fighter amongst them, and the dispatched fighter who guards the rear of the army is equal in his share of ghanīmah with the fighter who is sent out on an expedition to at- tack.” 
[6] Strive hard to obey Allah and beware the om- inous consequences of sin as well as the evil of your inner self and the Shaytān. For indeed al- Fārūq, ‘Umar Ibn al-Khattāb, advised Sa’d Ibn Abī Waqqās (radiyallāhu ‘anhumā) saying, “So I or- der both you and the soldiers who are with you to have taqwā of Allah, and I order both you and the soldiers who are with you to be more vigi- lant against committing sins than you are against your enemy, for the sins of your soldiers should be more feared than their enemy. And ask Allah to help you against your inner selves just as you ask Him for victory over your enemy.” 
[7] Prayer, prayer O soldiers of Allah. For indeed, it strengthens the heart, energizes the limbs, and prevents immorality and bad conduct. It is the place to have a private conversation with the Lord, and the place to seek His support. And the clos- est that the slave will be to his Lord is when he is in prostration. Prayer is the pillar of the religion and the banner of the Muslims, so don’t delay it except for a valid excuse whose truth Allah will ac- knowledge. 
[10] Break your inner self when it craves some- thing, for not everything that one craves should be sought after. {Indeed, the soul is a persistent enjoiner of evil} [Yusuf: 53]. Take up fasting and you will be granted chastity. In summary, control your desires and be austere with your inner self concerning that which is not permissible for you. And being austere with one’s inner self is to be balanced concerning that which it loves or hates. 
[12] Be agreeable with your brothers in every- thing that brings you closer to Allah and distanc- es you from disobeying Him. Smile at them a lot, and listen to those who are older than you. If you see them working then work with them, for if you remain sitting while they’re working it’ll arouse bitter feelings. And if your brother is dear to you then be humble towards him. And know that be- ing quick to blame someone is not from justice. 
[13] Don’t chase after people’s flaws, especial- ly your leader and your brothers. Conceal their faults as much as you can and Allah will conceal yours, and don’t try to discover those of their flaws that you’re not aware of. The Messenger (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) said, “Beware of suspicion, for indeed suspicion is the falsest of speech. Do not probe for information, do not spy, do not envy one another, do not boycott each other, and do not hate one another. Be slaves of Allah and brothers.” 
[14] O soldiers of Allah, know that both we and you are honored with the establishment and defense of the Islamic State in the land of the two rivers, but know also that it is not the state of Hārūn ar-Rashīd whereby we address the clouds in the sky as he used to do [inform- ing them that wherever they poured their rain it would pour upon Muslims’ lands due to the expansiveness of the Khilāfah]. Rather, it is the State of the vulnerable. We fear the enemy’s at- tack and we terrorize them, just as the Sahābah in the first Islamic State of al-Madīnah would never leave their weapons due to fear. A Jew might even sneak around their area and even reach a fort containing women and children, and there’d be no one to kill him but a wom- an. So deal gently with the people and let them feel the sweetness and honor of Islam, and be- ware of making them fear Islam and its rulings. And if there’s a matter that our people will dis- like, then work for that matter using sweet and pleasant words and deeds that will cause the people to accept its bitter aspect. In summa- ry, let the people love the religion of Islam, its rulings, and the Islamic State, for “the best of Allah’s slaves are those who make Allah’s slaves 
[15] As-Sāhib Ibn ‘Abbād said, “Reverence of the ruler is a definite obligation, and is incumbent on he who listens attentively.” So let yourself feel reverence for Amīrul-Muminīn, for “Indeed, from among the means of venerating Allah is to honor the Muslim elder… and to honor the just ruler.” It is obligatory to obey those of his orders that don’t entail sinfulness, regardless of whether he is other- wise just or oppressive. Beware of slandering him 
[16] Concede to your leader’s decision, and ac- cept his opinion and direction so that there is no disunity or division, as long as it’s an opinion or an issue of ijtihād or it has a basis in the Sharī’ah and doesn’t entail any sinfulness. As long as you seek Allah’s reward, then know that the reward lies in listening to and obeying your leaders, on condition doing so doesn’t involve opposing the Sharī’ah. 
Don’t conceal any issue from your leader that you believe would carry shar’ī benefits if you were to mention them to him, such as corruption that could spread, for informing him would be con- sidered advice and keeping it from him would be considered deceit. Likewise, informing him would not be regarded as the prohibited form of backbiting or the blameworthy form of snitching as long as what you’re bringing to his attention is something you’ve concluded with certainty or with strong suspicion. Imām an-Nawawī said, “If there’s a need for it then there’s nothing wrong with so, such as if he… informs the ruler or some- one in authority that ‘someone is doing such- 
Allah (ta’ālā) said, {And when there comes to them information about [public] security or fear, they spread it around. But if they had referred it back to the Messenger or to those of authority among them, then the ones who [can] draw correct con- clusions from it would have known about it. And if not for the favor of Allah upon you and His mer- cy, you would have followed Shaytān, except for a few} [An-Nisā’: 83]. 
This is what ‘Abdullāh Ibn ‘Umar narrated to ‘Abdullāh Ibn Mutī’ Ibn al-Aswad when they re- nounced their obedience to the leader of their time, Yazīd. Ibn ‘Umar advised Ibn Mutī with the following despite what Yazīd had in him of op- pression. It is reported in Sahīh Muslim that ‘Ab- dullāh Ibn ‘Umar came to Abdullāh Ibn Mutī after the incident of al-Harrah in the time of Yazīd Ibn Mu’āwiyah. Abdullāh Ibn Mutī said, “Toss Abū ‘Ab- dur-Rahmān a pillow.” ‘Abdullāh Ibn ‘Umar said, “I didn’t come to you to sit down. I came to narrate a hadīth to you which I heard Allah’s Messenger (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) say: ‘Whoever re- moves his hand from obedience to the leader will meet Allah on the Day of Resurrection without 
[18] Wherever you may be in the land of jihād, guard duty should be observed at night. And I do not deem it permissible for three people to go to sleep without them having a leader and without organizing guard duty between them. From the advice of Abū Bakr (radiyallāhu ‘anh) to one of his commanders is the following: “Be on guard against night raids, for indeed the Arabs can take you by surprise.” And do not let anything preoccupy you from your shift on guard duty, for you are on the frontline. Fear Al- lah, fear Allah concerning your brothers. 
[20] Ribāt, ribāt! Meaning, dedicate yourself to jihād in the path of Allah, to guarding the front- lines, increasing the numbers of the mujāhidīn, and terrorizing the enemy, even if you have to remain there for a lengthy period of time. And if you’re in a place where the enemy fears you and you fear the enemy, then that is ribāt. Allah (ta’ālā) said, {O you who have believed, perse- vere and endure and remain stationed and fear Allah that you may be successful} [Āl ‘Imrān: 200]. Allah’s Messenger (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) said, “One day of ribāt in the path of Allah is better than the Dunyā and everything in it.” 
[21] My brother, do not wish to encounter the enemy if your wish is the result of your self-de- lusion, your pride, your overconfidence, or any- thing similar. Allah’s Messenger (sallallāhu ‘alay- hi wa sallam) said, “Do not wish to encounter the enemy, and ask Allah for well-being. And if you meet the enemy, have patience, and know that Jannah is beneath the shades of swords.” Supplicate to Allah when the two rows meet for battle, for du’ā’ made at this point is an- swered. The Prophet (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sal- lam) made du’ā’ during the battle of al-Ahzāb saying, “O Allah, Revealer of the book, Mover of the clouds, and Conqueror of the parties, de- feat them and grant us victory over them.” He would also make du’ā’ saying, “O Allah, You are my helper and supporter. By You I move, and by You I attack, and by You I fight.” 
[22] Embolden your hearts, for doing so is a means of victory and triumph. Know that the most difficult thing for a soldier of Allah to train for is getting used to a lot of combat. Make fre- quent mention of the grudges you have against the enemy, for they increase your boldness. Remember that the enemy raped your mothers and your sisters, prevented you from Jumu’ah and congregational prayers, and cut you off from trade and agriculture. In short, he didn’t leave you with anything of the religious and worldly affairs. 
[23] You must have guides when you head out towards the enemy if you’re unable to study your territory and the enemy’s territory. And take enough supplies, including weapons, food, and medicine, and don’t leave anything that will assist you in your jihād. Move with your weap- on, your needle and thread, and your flashlight. Carry medicine that can treat an injury and re- duce pain, and don’t take a lot of clothes. 
And know that victory and consolidation are in Allah’s hands alone. {If Allah should aid you, then no one can overcome you; but if He should forsake you, who is there that can aid you after Him? And upon Allah let the believers rely} [Āl ‘Imrān: 160]. At-Tabarī said in his tafsīr, “{Then no one can overcome you} from amongst the people. He is saying that no one will overcome you while He aids you, even if everyone in the world were to gather against you. So do not fear the enemies of Allah on account of your small numbers and their large numbers as long as you 
best of deeds is to unify the rank, and be united in word. Allah (ta’ālā) said, {Indeed, Allah loves those who fight in His cause in a row as though they are a [single] structure joined firmly} [As-Saff: 4]. And beware of having different intentions, for if you are united in word but are divided in your intentions, it will be a cause of differing amongst one another. And know that a man’s strength and well-being is tied to his brothers. As the saying goes, “The hu- miliated one is he who heads out on his own.” 
are upon His order and are upright in obedience to Him and to His Messenger, for indeed triumph and victory will be yours and not theirs.” There- fore, seek Allah’s aid with your du’ā’ and appeal to Him for help, for worshipping Allah through du’ā’ has an amazing effect in bringing about victory and in correcting your intentions. Allah (ta’ālā) said, {Is He [not best] who responds to the desperate one when he calls upon Him and removes evil and makes you inheritors of the earth? Is there a deity with Allah? Little do you remember} [An-Naml: 62]. 
[27] “O Muslims! Indeed, patience is might, fail- ure is incompetence, and victory comes with patience.” And indeed, cowardice is a deadly vulnerability, and persistence is a sanctuary. Those who’ve been killed in war while fleeing are a lot more than those who’ve been killed while advancing forward. In the first stages of Is- lam it was prohibited for a Muslim to flee when outnumbered ten-to-one. How greatly we’re in need of those days! Allah (ta’ālā) said, {And whoever turns his back to them on such a day, unless swerving [as a strategy] for war or joining [another] company, has certainly returned with anger [upon him] from Allah, and his refuge is Hell – and wretched is the destination} [Al-An- fāl: 16]. So be patient with your commander and instill patience in him when you fight and when the two rows clash, for patience makes victory incumbent, and what follows patience is praiseworthy. What follows patience is victory, and goals are not achieved by making wishes. 
However, Abū Mūsā al-Ash’arī narrated that Allah’s Messenger (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) used to dislike raising one’s voice when fighting. And Qays Ibn ‘Ubād narrated saying, “The com- panions of the Prophet (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) used to dislike raising one’s voice when fighting.” On the day of Badr, ‘Utbah Ibn Rabī’ah said to his companions when he saw the camp of Allah’s Messenger (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sal- lam), “Do you not see them moving their lips like snakes (i.e. not making noise).” Likewise, when ‘Ā’ishah (radiyallāhu ‘anhā) heard her compan- ions making takbīr during the Battle of the Cam- el, she said, “Don’t shout so much, for indeed making lots of takbīr when meeting the opposing force is a means of failure.” Therefore, whisper- ing dhikr is recommended when engaged with the enemy, except when charging and attacking. 
Therefore, seek refuge from them, and know that the reward you receive – in the likes of our act of worship (jihād) – is proportional to the difficulty you encounter. Allah (ta’ālā) said, {Nor do they cross a valley but that it is registered for them that Allah may reward them for the best of what they were doing} [At-Tawbah: 121]. The Messenger (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) said, “Pursue that which will benefit you, seek Allah’s help, and do not be incompetent.” 
[30] The following is advice from Allah in which He gathers the etiquette of war. He said, {O you who have believed, when you encounter a company [from the enemy forces], stand firm and remember Allah much that you may be successful. And obey Allah and His Messenger, and do not dispute and [thus] lose courage and [then] your strength would depart; and be pa- tient. Indeed, Allah is with the patient} [Al-An- fāl: 45-46]. 
[31] Make lots of du’ā’ for Amīrul-Mu’minīn in his absence, and also for your poor brother, for whoever is concerned about his brother and his religion, let him not withhold making a du’ā’ for him in the early morning, in sujūd, at the time of adhān, and – most importantly – when the two rows meet for battle. Al-Fudayl Ibn ‘Iyād said, “If I had one du’ā’ that would be answered I would not make it except for the imām, for indeed if he becomes upright, the land will become fer- tile and the people will become safe.” So Ib- nul-Mubārak kissed him on the head and said, “No one other than you is good at this.” 
opinions. O Allah, soften my heart in accordance with the truth towards those who are obedient to you, and make me harsh and severe towards your enemies. O Allah, indeed I am weak when acting in obedience to You, so make me strong and energetic in that regard, and do not make from amongst those who are heedless. O Allah, make me great in Your sight, insignificant in my own sight, and beloved and respected by my brothers. O Allah, protect me from being impris- oned, grant me shahādah on Your path, don’t take me by surprise, and grant me a favorable end in all of my affairs, O Changer of hearts. 
lallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) ‘Īmān is Yemenī, fiqh is Yemenī, and wisdom is Yemenī.’ He said this in praise of the people of Yemen and their virtues. Thus, he attested to their fiqh and īmān, and at- tributed this to them due to their having reached the highest degrees of fiqh, īmān, and wisdom. And we do not know of any group from amongst the Muslims who are less in speech than the people of Yemen or are less argumentative than them, whether from the early or later gener- ations. Thus, he indicated that the knowledge and fiqh praised by Allah is the knowledge of Allah that leads one to love Him and be loved by Him, and to honor and revere Him, along with the knowledge that one requires of His com- mands and prohibitions. This was the case with the scholars of Yemen in the past, such as Abū Mūsā al-Ash’arī, Abū Muslim al-Khawlānī, Uways al-Qaranī and others, without getting into any- 
FEATURE thing beyond that knowledge such as pitting the statements of the people against each other and excessively searching for their faults and slip-ups […] as well as excessively searching for the un- necessary aspects of sciences that do not benefit one’s religious adherence, that serve to distract one from Allah and from being preoccupied with Him, that harden one’s heart towards His dhikr, and that cause the experts of such sciences to desire a high position and leadership of the peo- ple. None of this is praiseworthy, and indeed the Prophet (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) used to seek refuge from knowledge that does not benefit [Reported by Muslim on the authority of Zayd]. In a hadīth reported from him he said, ‘Ask Allah for beneficial knowledge and seek refuge with Allah from knowledge that does not bene- fit’ [Reported by Ibn Mājah on the authority of Jābir]. In another hadīth reported from him he said, ‘Indeed, from knowledge is to be ignorant of some things’ [Reported by Abū Dāwūd on the authority of Buraydah]. The Prophet (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) disliked excessive and exten- sive speech, and loved concise speech. There are many ahādīth reported from him to that effect and they would take long to mention” [Majmū’ Rasā’il Ibn Rajab]. 
He (rahimahullāh) also said, “Ibn Mas’ūd also said, ‘You live in a time in which there are many scholars and few speakers, and there will come a time after you in which there will be few schol- ars and many speakers.’ Therefore, he who has extensive knowledge and speaks little is praise- worthy, and he who is the opposite is blamewor- thy. The Prophet (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) attested to the people of Yemen having īmān and fiqh. The people of Yemen are the least in speech from amongst the people and the least excessive in knowledge because their knowledge is beneficial knowledge in their hearts, and they only express with their tongues what they need to of that knowledge. And that is true fiqh and beneficial knowledge” [Fadl ‘Ilm as-Salaf]. 
his statement “The people of Yemen are the least in speech from amongst the people” stuck to my mind for years. I then witnessed it in real- ity firsthand in the bay’āt announced by the mu- jāhidīn of the Arabian Peninsula, Yemen, Sinai, Libya, and Algeria, for the shortest of the five statements was the statement of the mujāhidīn of Yemen. It contained wisdom, fiqh and īmān, and through it, they expressed their full convic- tion in a brief and concise manner. I ask Allah to make them firm upon their covenant so that they meet Allah while He is pleased with them. 
The mujāhidīn of Yemen said, “Allah’s Messen- ger (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) had given us glad tidings of Khilāfah upon the methodology of prophethood. And indeed, by Allah, we have seen it as a Khilāfah upon the methodology of prophethood. And when we heard the trum- pets of the Jews and Christians – the callers upon the gates of Hellfire – we answered the or- der of Allah’s Messenger that obliged sticking to the jamā’ah of the Muslims and their Imām, for Hudhayfah (radiyallāhu ‘anh) said, ‘The people used to ask Allah’s Messenger (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) about good, and I used to ask him about evil, fearing that it might overtake me…’ In the hadīth, he says, ‘Is there any evil after this good?’ He responded, ‘Yes, callers upon the gates of Hellfire. Whoever answers them will be thrown into it by them.’ He said, ‘O Allah’s Mes- senger, describe them to me.’ He said, ‘They are from our skin and speak with our tongues.’ He said, ‘So what do you order me with if I reach that time?’ He said, ‘Stick to the jamā’ah of the Muslims and their Imām’ [Al-Bukhārī and Mus- lim].” 
Thus, they recognized the disease – splitting and differing – and they knew the cure – unity and rallying together. They understood that ral- lying together meant sticking to the jamā’ah of the Muslims (the Khilāfah) and their Imām (the Khalīfah), not rallying together upon factional- ism and partisanship. So they spoke with the pro- phetic wisdom, and said “we hear and obey” with- out any reluctance, complication, or arrogance. 
Others meanwhile, said, “we hear and disobey,” and their hearts absorbed the calf of partisan- ship because of their arrogance… And they made complications with their excessive speech just as the Children of Isrā’īl made complications when they were ordered to slaughter a cow. They were deceptive concerning the commands and prohi- bitions, claiming partisanship to be the rope of Allah that we were commanded to hold firmly to, and claiming the Khilāfah to be the disunion that we were prohibited from! 
Such was the response of Hārith an-Nadhārī to the soldiers of the Islamic State in Yemen and to the Imām of the Muslims, Khalīfah Ibrāhīm – may Allah preserve him, set right his opinion, guide his aim, and by him break the strength of the apostates, the crusaders, the innovators, and the rebellious. Thus, an-Nadhārī emulated al-Jawlānī with his cunning praise, al-Harārī with his dis- paraging insinuations (that is, before their open display of spite, envy, enmity, and hatred), Abū ‘Abdullāh ash-Shāmī with his excessive speech, longwinded statements, categorizations, philos- ophizing, and spitefulness, and adh-Dhawāhirī with his contradictions …1 
ment and interpreted the speech of the Khalī- fah in the worst possible manner. The portion of Amīrul-Mu’minīn’s statement that concerned the dissolving of parties and the current situ- ation in Yemen did not exceed one minute in length. Hārith an-Nadhārī, however, responded with a statement that was half an hour long, fol- lowing the example of Abū Abdullāh ash-Shāmī who took the book “al-Kabā’ir” (The Major Sins) and made its chapters into title headings for his statement in support of the sahwāt against the Islamic State as follows: Firstly, Secondly, Thirdly… Eighteenth… Firstly, Secondly, Thirdly… Firstly, Secondly, Thirdly… and so on… 
The unfortunate thing is that some of his ex- pressions trickle with blood, forebode evil, and contain wickedness, such as his statement, “And we hold them responsible for what may result – from being biased towards certain opinions and overstepping the boundaries of ijtihād – of un- lawful bloodshed committed under the pretext of expansion and spreading the authority of the State. And we emphasize that we do not initi- ate aggression or fighting against any Muslim, nor do we deem their women or wealth to be lawful!” _____________ 1 Adh-Dhawāhirī called to bay’ah for the Islamic State since its establishment in Iraq, and now he is amongst its most ardent opponents. 
I say, it’s as if he’s saying, “The Islamic State deems the women of the Muslims to be lawful!” So how strange are the heedless ones who re- joiced in his statement, “the noble shaykh – may Allah preserve him,” and in others, and forgot that al-Jawlānī began his first statement after the announcement of the Islamic State of Iraq and Shām with cunning praise for Amīrul-Mu’minīn, his soldiers, and his State, without displaying such blatant spitefulness. From amongst that which al-Jawlānī stated was, “Then, Allah (‘azza wa jall) honored me with becoming acquainted with Shaykh al-Baghdādī, that venerable shaykh who fulfilled the rights of the people of Shām and repaid the debt multifold.” 
Adh-Dhawāhirī said, “My position concerning the laymen of the Shī’ah is the position of the scholars of Ahlus-Sunnah2 , and that is that they are excused due to their ignorance. As for those of them who take part with their leaders in their cooperation with the crusaders and their aggres- sion towards the Muslims, their ruling then is the ruling of a faction resisting the laws of Islam.3 As for those of their laymen who have not taken part in any aggression towards the Muslims, nor fought under the banner of the global crusade, our approach with them is to make da’wah, ex- pose the realities, and clarify the extent of the crimes committed by their leaders against Islam and the Muslims” [al-Liqā’ al-Maftūh – al-Halqat al-Ūlā]. 
“The officers in the Counter-Religious Activism Department of National Security, who investi- _____________ 2 The position he claims is not accurately attributable to Ahlus-Sunnah. First, the major scholars of Ahlus-Sunnah have expressed their takfīr of the Rāfidī Shī’ah as individuals. Shaykh Abū Mus’ab az-Zarqāwī (rahimahullāh) said, “The statements from the Salaf declaring the kufr of the Rāfidah are so profuse. Amongst what has been narrated from Imām Ahmad (rahimahullāh) is what al-Khallāl narrated on the authority of Abū Bakr al-Marrūdhī. He said that he asked Abū ‘Abdillāh (Ahmad Ibn Hanbal) regarding the ruling of one who curs- es Abū Bakr, ‘Umar, and ‘Ā’ishah. He replied, ‘I do not consider him to be upon Islam.’ […] Imām Ahmad Ibn Yūnus – whom Imām Ahmad Ibn Hanbal praised, saying to someone, ‘Go to Ahmad Ibn Yūnus, for he is Shaykhul-Islām’ – said, ‘If a Jew slaughtered a sheep and a Rāfidī slaughtered a sheep, I would eat the sheep slaughtered by the Jew not by the Rāfidī, because the Rāfidī is a murtadd from Islam’” [Hal Atāka Hadīthur-Rāfidah]. In his different messages, Shaykh az-Zarqāwī also quotes Imām Mālik, ash-Shāfi’ī, al-Bukhārī, al-Firyābī, al-Lālikā’ī, Ibn Hazm, as-Sam’ānī, and others from the early, later, and contem- porary scholars to prove this ruling upon the Rāfidah. 
Second, ignorance is not an absolute excuse. Imām Muhammad Ibn ‘Ab- dil-Wahhāb (rahimahullāh) said, “What you mentioned […] regarding your doubting the condition of these tawāghīt and their followers and whether or not the proof has been established on them, then this is strange! How can you doubt this after I have clarified it to you over and over? For the person who the proof has not been established on is the newcomer to Islam and the person raised in a distant nomadic land, or when the matter is obscure […] then takfīr is not made upon him until he is informed of the matter. As for the principles of the religion, which Allah clarified and explicated in His book, then the proof of Allah is the Qur’ān, so whoever the Qur’ān reaches has received the proof” [Ar-Rasā’il ash-Shakhsiyyah]. Worshipping Allah alone is from the fundamental principles of the religion explicitly explained in the Qur’ān, not an obscure matter that a Muslim could ever be ignorant of. Whereas the Rāfi- dah worship the dead, belie the Qur’ān, and curse the wives and companions of the Prophet (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam)! So how can one claim they are “ignorant Muslims!?” 
3 Note: Some longtime jihād claimants never used to consider factions re- sisting the basis of Sharī’ah (al-Hākimiyyah) to be apostates, let alone fac- tions resisting a single ruling (hukm) from the Sharī’ah! Amongst them were leaders of “al-Jamā’ah al-Islāmiyyah” of Egypt whom adh-Dhawāhirī described – following their entrance into the democratic process – as “the noble brothers… brothers of manhaj, ‘aqīdah, and hardship…” And it appears from adh-Dhawāhirī’s statements quoted in the next few paragraphs of this article that he makes takfīr of factions resisting the basis of Sharī’ah, but not its individual members. As for his opinion concerning factions resisting only some shar’ī laws, what’s derived from the collection of his opinions on takfīr is that he does not make takfīr of such factions… The madhhab of the Salaf though is crystal clear, for the Sahābah had consensus on making takfīr of those who resisted paying the zakāh – and zakāh is from amongst the shar’ī laws – and fought them because of their apostasy. Shaykhul-Islām Ibn Taymi- yyah (rahimahullāh) said, “The Sahābah did not say ‘Do you acknowledge that it’s obligatory or do you deny its ruling?’ This wasn’t known from the Khulafā’ and the Sahābah. Rather, as-Siddīq said to ‘Umar (radiyallāhu ‘anh), ‘By Allah! If they were to prevent from me what they used to pay to Allah’s Messenger (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) even if but a rope for tying a camel or a young she-goat, I would fight them because of their resistance to paying it.’ So he made their resistance to payment the basis for the permissibility of fighting them, not their denial of its obligation. It was reported that a group from amongst them used to acknowledge its obligation but were stingy in paying it, but in spite of this the Khulafā’ dealt with them all in the same manner: killing their fighters, enslaving their families, taking their wealth as ghanīmah, and testifying that their fighters are in Hellfire. And they labeled them all ‘ahl ar-riddah’ (the people of apostasy)” [ad-Durar as-Saniyyah: vol. 9, pg. 418]. 
gate religious issues and torture Muslims, I view them to be kuffār on an individual level, for they know even more about the Islamic movements than most of the members of these movements themselves. And it is permissible to kill Nation- al Security officers and all members of the po- lice – regardless of whether you make takfīr of them on an individual level or you make takfīr of them on a general scale – if that occurs during the course of a campaign of fighting in which sniping them becomes a means for you to cause damage to them for the benefit of the jihād. This is because a resistant apostate faction is fought as one. It is permissible to kill those of them who are fleeing, and to finish off those of them who are wounded; and this would be an act of killing one whose individual condition was unknown. This is the rule because distinguishing the con- dition of individuals is done if they are maqdūr ‘alayhim (under the power of Muslims); these in- dividuals are not maqdūr ‘alayhim. So the obliga- tory defensive jihād is not to be disrupted for the sake of distinguishing the condition of individu- als” [al-Liqā’ al-Maftūh – al-Halqat al-Ūlā]. 
He also said, “Making takfīr of the armies and the security institutions is an issue that requires elaboration. My view is that the officers in the Counter-Religious Activism Department of Na- tional Security and their likes, who investigate Muslims and torture them, are kuffār on an indi- vidual level. The result of the differing on the is- sue is very minute and is limited to personal rul- ings, such as marriage and inheritance. However, from the practical perspective regarding fighting them, there is no difference between the two 
So how does an-Nadhārī make takfīr of the Rā- fidah and the army without the elaboration of adh-Dhawāhirī4? Would he disobey his amīr whom he tried to defend, claiming that he nev- er went astray5! And how can he call to waging war against the Houthis when this goes against the Dhawāhirī directives that he was ordered to adhere to and as a result of which the evil of the Houthis and the new tāghūt in Yemen became exacerbated! 
The fact is that the policy outlined in “Tawjīhāt ‘Āmmah lil-’Amal al-Jihādī,” (General Guidelines for Jihādī Action) authored by adh-Dhawāhirī, _____________ 4 Adh-Dhawāhirī differentiates between a faction and its individual members when it comes to the label of kufr and some of its corresponding rulings. This differentiation is in opposition to the ijmā’ of the Salaf concerning factions that have rallied together upon kufr, such as supporting shrines and consti- tutions. Shaykh Abū Jandal al-Azdī (may Allah free him) said, “The Sahābah (radiyallāhu ‘anhum) had consensus on the kufr of the followers and support- ers of both Musaylamah al-Kadhdhāb and Tulayhah al-Asadī. Likewise, they had consensus on the kufr of those who resisted paying the zakāh and dealt with them all in the same manner, for they took their wealth as ghanīmah, enslaved their women, and testified that their fighters are in Hellfire, and this is their takfīr towards them on an individual level” [Al-Āyāt Wal-Ahādīth al- Ghazīrah ‘Alā Kufr Quwwāt Dar’ al-Jazīrah]. 
So regarding an individual member of such a faction, “we rule upon him that he is a kāfir on an individual level, and we apply on him all the rulings of kufr including disavowing him, declaring it harām to initiate the greeting of salām to him, prohibiting him from marrying Muslim women, not praying on him if he dies, prohibiting his burial in the graveyards of the Muslims, and declaring [the spilling of] his blood permissible whether in battle or outside of it” [as stated by Shaykh ‘Abdul-’Azīz at-Tuwayli’ī – may Allah free him]. The practi- cal difference between the opinion of adh-Dhawāhirī and the stance of the Islamic State becomes apparent in the severity and harshness adopted in the policies and methods of war. 
However, if the apostasy emerges within the leadership of a Muslim faction that was originally formed for a shar’ī purpose, such as jihād in the cause of Allah, then the differentiation might have a correct basis initially until the proof can be established on the followers (who remained ignorant of the lead- ership’s condition after it had changed). However, they are fought collectively on account of their forceful resistance, until there is no more fitnah and the religion is completely for Allah. 
is built on this differentiation between a faction taken as a whole and its individual members, in spite of his claim that on a practical level there’s no difference between the two opinions. For if one were to determine that there are “Muslims” present in that faction’s ranks, and were to wid- en for them the scope of excuse to include be- ing ignorant of the very basis of the religion, he would be forced sooner or later, and whether or not he realized it, to “hesitate” and “be precau- tious.” So he wouldn’t target the apostates for fear of killing “Muslims who have a misinterpre- tation.” This is clear from some of his statements and expressions, such as, “And if a group that at- tributes itself to Islam becomes involved in fight- ing alongside the kāfir enemy, it is to be repelled with the least amount of force required to fend off its aggression, as a means of closing the door to fitnah between the Muslims or harming those who did not take part with the enemy” [Tawjīhāt ‘Āmmah lil-’Amal al-Jihādī]. 
The effects of this ‘aqīdah – which at first saw no difference between making takfīr of a fac- tion collectively and making takfīr of its indi- vidual members – have become apparent on a practical level in the politics of war. And it’s not, as some heedless individuals think, that the or- ganization’s policy is purely a military strategy. Rather, the reality is that they refrain from killing those whom they fear may be from the Muslims, whether soldiers of the tāghūt or Rāfidī Majūs! 
cuse the Houthis and would not decisively make takfīr of them because they were “Zaydī.” Then, after many objections were made, he began saying that they’re a “resistant faction” without making takfīr of them. Then he made takfīr of them on a general scale – without making tak- fīr of their individual members – on account of their resistance, not because they commit ma- jor shirk and make takfīr of the Sahābah (due to the possibility that their individual members are ignorant!) This is the position of most of the organization’s “senior shar’ī leaders” in Yemen. For this reason, they would avoid targeting the Houthis except after their evil recently became ex- acerbated and they took control of the lands and shed the blood of Allah’s slaves. And the soldiers of Ali Abdullah Saleh and Abd Rabbuh, according to them, are either excused due to misinterpreta- tion, or coerced… or apostates... And they don’t fight them on the grounds that they support a tāghūt that is ruling by manmade constitutions. Rather, they fight them only for supporting the crusaders against the Muslims, claiming that there is less doubt in the latter of these two pretexts. This is in accordance with adh-Dhawārī’s tradition: torturing Muslims and supporting the crusaders is kufr that is inexcusable (but according to his “Taw- jīhāt,” it’s excusable if the group attributes itself to Islam!) As for worshipping the dead and support- ing the tāghūt, then it’s kufr and ignorance that’s excusable. Because of these deviations they nev- er have a problem cooperating with sahwah-like gangs (the “Islāh” party and the “Hajūrī” followers) against the Houthis… in the cause of Allah! Or so they claim… And being accommodating towards this kind of cooperation is what led al-Jawlānī’s Front to the situation they’re now in, whereby their cooperation developed into trust, affection, and flattery, and then into supporting the sahwāt of Āl Salūl (the “Islamic” Front) and the Syrian Na- tional Coalition6 against the Islamic State… 
Also from amongst what has reached me from _____________ 6 “Jayshul-Mujāhidīn,” “Jabhat Thuwwār Sūriyā,” “Liwā Thuwwār ar-Raqqah,” the FSA Military Councils (those that formed “Mishmish” for example)… are all sponsored by and connected to the apostate Syrian National Council. See, for example, pages 24-25 of issue #2 of Dābiq for the relationship between “Jayshul-Mujāhidīn” and the SNC Defense Minister. 
thiqāt in Yemen is that “Ansār ash-Sharī’ah” in the “province” of al-Jawf fight side-by-side with the apostate army (the army of “the Arab Spring” – the army of Abd Rabbuh) and the Bankrupt Brotherhood against the Houthis, and that the fighters are transported between the frontlines in the vehicles of the apostate army. Even their supplies are from the ammunition and food from the camps of the apostate army… Wallāhul-mus- ta’ān… (It’s also reached me from thiqāt in Ye- men that the organization’s leadership in Yemen is regretful about the period of consolidation during which they administered the areas that they took control of in Abyan and elsewhere for close to a year, to the extent that one of them said, “If we had taken the wealth and effort that we spent administering these areas and applied them towards recruitment and purchasing weap- ons, it would have been more beneficial for us.” So they fell into the delusion that there’s conflict between defensive jihād and partial consolida- tion that Allah grants to the mujāhidīn in order to implement His law.) 
I say, seeking Allah’s help, the meaning is that if these Rāfidah had found muwahhidīn to fight them whereby the muwahhidīn initiate the fight- ing and do not adhere to the policy in “General Guidelines for Jihādī Action,” their evil would not have become exacerbated. He did not deny the prior existence of “Dhawāhirī-style” fighting treating the Houthis as a Muslim faction that is to be fought with the least amount of force re- quired to repel its aggression, meaning purely defensive fighting containing no harshness or severity, such that those of them fleeing are not pursued, those of them wounded are not finished off, those of them taken prisoner are not killed, and their gatherings are not targeted with large-scale assaults… Wallāhul-musta’ān. 
And if someone were to object and bring some old statements from some of their leaders or some of their prominent shuhadā’, or men- tioned some old operations against the apos- tates that were carried out in the same man- ner as the Islamic State, operations which were suddenly stopped until the apostates were able to take control of the rule in Yemen, (it’s also reached me from thiqāt in Yemen that some of these daring operations were personal ini- tiatives carried out without the leadership’s approval, and those who ordered them were disciplined but the organization was forced to claim responsibility for them), then I say, after “the Arab Spring” began and some prominent leaders of al-Qā’idah attained shahādah, there emerged unwise guidelines and policies from adh-Dhawāhirī, al-Amrīkī, al-Bāshā, and Husām ‘Abdur-Ra’ūf (author of the book “If I Were in the Place of Morsi and Sat on the Kursī [Chair]”!) in Khurāsān. Meanwhile, an-Nadhārī and his likes in Yemen exposed what they had concealed of desires in their hearts all these long years. So it was as if they were made for each other, and adh-Dhawāhirī’s guidelines were fully imple- mented, placing Yemen beneath the feet of the Rāfidah and the new tāghūt, wallāhul-musta’ān. 
It should be noted that the statements of al- Qā’idah in Yemen “in support” of the Islamic State were only made due to many objections from the soldiers and leaders (not including the top-level leadership) concerning the “neutrali- ty” of al-Qā’idah in Yemen and its “Dhawāhirī- ness.” And when the wilāyah was formed in coordination with the Islamic State – and this was done before the official announcement of the wilāyah and with the knowledge of the or- 
ganization in Yemen, which had been informed about the initiative of expansion – those upon the manhaj raced to give bay’ah to the Islamic State. Then, some of the irresolute wanted to retract their bay’ah to the Islamic State due to some personal desires, but only on condition that the organization in Yemen pronounces the Islamic State innocent of any accusation of ex- tremism, supports it in its war against the cru- saders, and acknowledges it’s shar’ī legality, so that they don’t fall into embarrassment in front of their followers. So the organization’s leader- ship in Yemen wrote the recent statement “of support” (before an-Nadhārī’s announcement), whereas the previous statements feigned ig- norance of the Islamic State’s presence in the midst of the tremendous events taking place in Iraq and Shām. Some of these statements contained criticism of its official spokesper- son, Shaykh al-‘Adnānī, through derisive insin- uations without explicitness, after the Shaykh clarified the deviation of adh-Dhawāhirī’s man- haj. Some of these statements also contained tarahhum (saying “rahimahullāh”) for the apos- tates of the Salūlī sahwāt (the leaders of Ahrār ash-Shām). So why does the organization not make tarahhum for Abū ‘Abdir-Rahmān al- Bīlāwī, Abū Bakr al-‘Irāqī, and Abū Usāmah al- Maghribī – rahimahumullāh? 
leaders and dignitaries of the Children of Isrā’īl. For indeed, there has come to them the Khilā- fah upon the methodology of prophethood, and with it those who broke off from their tribes – the muhājirīn who immigrated to the land that Ibrāhīm immigrated to. The angels have spread their wings for them and over their State… But the partisans opposed them… continuing along their path to his- tory’s trash bin… unless Allah wills otherwise… 
Allah’s help is sought, upon Him we rely, and there is no might nor strength except by Him. He is suffi- cient for us, and the best disposer of affairs. _____________ 7 The Emirate stated, “The Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan calls on the Muslim rulers of these nations to enter into an Islamic coalition in defense of al-Masjid al-Aqsā as opposed to defending American interests, and to shoulder their Is- lamic and moral responsibilities for the sake of stopping the aggression of the Jews towards the first qiblah of the Muslims. It is incumbent on the rulers of the Islamic nations to set aside their differences and shoulder the responsibility of defending al-Masjid al-Aqsā [The Statement of the Emirate of Afghanistan Con- cerning the Aggression of the Zionist Occupation Towards al-Masjid al-Aqsā]. 
Mullā ‘Umar said, “Likewise, we specifically thank His Excellency, the amīr of Qatar, Shaykh Tamīm Ibn Hamd Ibn Khalīfah Āl Thānī for his sincere efforts and his successful role as an intermediary in securing the release of the aforemen- tioned leaders and for hosting them. I ask Allah to grant His Excellency a beauti- ful compensation in the worldly life and a tremendous reward in the hereafter” [A Message of Congratulations on the Release of Jihādī Leaders from Guanta- namo Prison]. 
The Emirate also stated, “And it should be mentioned that we present our thanks and regards to our sister-nation Qatar and to its respected amīr, His Highness Shaykh Hamd Ibn Khalīfah Āl Thānī – may Allah preserve him – for having agreed to the opening of a political office for the Islamic Emirate in his country, and for graciously providing the facilities related to it” [A Statement Concerning the Opening of A Political Office for the Emirate of Afghanistan in the State of Qatar]. 
From amongst the things that Mullā ‘Umar has stated is, “The Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan seeks to establish mutual relations with the world, and specifi- cally with the Islamic world and the neighboring countries in an atmosphere of mutual respect and mutual interests in the light of Islamic teachings and our national interests. It does not seek to meddle in the affairs of others and does not allow others to meddle in its affairs. The Islamic Emirate assures the world that it will not allow anyone to use its soil against others, and likewise openly declares that it respects all international laws and treaties in the light of the teachings of the Islamic religion and our national interests. We congratulate the governments that emerged after the revolutions as well as the Arab peoples on their new lives and state of affairs, and we make du’ā’ for them to have progress, a bright future, and adherence to Islamic teachings in their lives” [A Statement on the Occasion of the Blessed Eid al-Fitr in the Year 1433 AH]. 
The Emirate also stated, “The Islamic Emirate seeks to interact with the nations of the world and the countries of the region on the basis of bilateral coopera- tion and mutual respect. The Islamic Emirate did not harm anyone before, nor does it harm anyone now, nor will it do so in the future. Likewise, it does not allow anyone to use Afghan soil against others” [The Text of the Emirate’s Dec- laration at the Research Conference in France]. 
Lastly, may Allah not bless al-Qā’idah’s alleged bay’ah to Mullā ‘Umar. Has Mullā ‘Umar who made du’ā’ for Hamd and Tamīm Āl Thānī and “advised” the “Muslim rulers” (the tawāghīt) through his own tongue as well as the tongue of his emirate7... has he permitted them to operate outside the modern-day borders of Afghanistan against the “Muslims rulers,” the “neighboring countries,” the “countries of the region,” and the “nations of the world8?” Or does he repeatedly deny any initiative to conduct operations outside Afghanistan in an effort to appease the “interna- tional community?” Furthermore, how is it that the Emirate calls for bilateral relations based on mutual respect and neighborly relations with India9, and then adh-Dhawāhirī comes and an- nounces a branch of al-Qā’idah’s organization in India? And how is it that his Afghani Emirate calls for good relations with Rāfidī Iran, and an-Nadhārī calls to killing the Rāfidah10? Is the claim of having bay’ah to Mullā ‘Umar based in Yemeni wisdom or jāhilī partisanship? They should let go of it, for it is rotten… 
a state of instability and the countries of the region would face threats from Afghanistan. We consider these types of concern to be an effect of the negative propaganda disseminated by the Western Intelligence-controlled media, and request that the countries of the region seek to ascertain the facts for them- selves and issue statements in light of the actual state of affairs. The Islamic Emirate, in its role of accountability, assures everyone that no harm will come from Afghanistan to any of the countries in the region or any neighboring coun- tries. We seek to establish security for our nation as well as the region” [Re- marks by the Spokesperson of the Emirate Regarding the Concerns of Some of the Countries in the Region]. 
10 The Emirate stated, “So on this basis the Islamic Emirate, in light of its bal- anced and sensible foreign policy, established diplomatic relations based on the principles of mutual respect, equality, and not interfering in one another’s in- ternal affairs with the countries of the region and the various parts of the world. It seeks to widen the sphere of its political relations, and likewise extend them to the rest of the world. Our relations with the Islamic nation of Iran is one link in this chain. Iran’s request and invitation, the visit made by the head of the Is- lamic Emirate’s political office with his delegation and assistant, and the positive talks held with Iranian officials are all a clear testament to the sound, sensible, balanced, and independent foreign policy of the Islamic Emirate. Furthermore, the efforts that the delegation made towards improving bilateral relations, and their discussion of the issue of Afghan immigrants all demonstrate that the pri- mary and initial goal behind establishing relations with the nations of the world is only to fulfill the wishes and intents of the Afghan people and attain the high- est interests of the nation as well as its security, and nothing more. Iran is an Is- lamic nation, it shares borders with Afghanistan, there are over 2 million Afghans living there, it is rich with oil and enjoys a good economy, it has a seacoast, and it’s an important nation on both a regional and global level. It is these interests that bring the two nations together and even force them to have good conduct with one another in the framework of public interests and good neighbor relations, and to maintain political, social and economic ties” [The Foreign Policy of the Emirate Represents the Highest Interests of the Nation]. 
The Emirate also stated, “Fārs News Agency published a news article revealing a visit made by a delegation of the Islamic Emirate to the Islamic Republic of Iran, and the Islamic Emirate confirms and supports this. Recently, a delegation led by the head of the Islamic Emirate’s political office made a three-day visit to the city of Tehran, the capital of Iran. The visit took place to discuss bilateral relations between both sides, and the delegation returned after discussing the aforementioned topics. […] During this visit, which took place on an official invi- tation from the Iranian government, the Islamic Emirate was able to convey the voice and the needs of the people and the mujāhidīn to the ears of the delega- tions of various nations of the world. They also provided information about the ongoing situation and held positive talks with senior officials of the Islamic Re- public of Iran on various issues. […] We must also state that the Islamic Emirate has always sought to maintain relations with the countries of the region and the world within the framework of mutual respect, and has not ceased its efforts in that regard” [Al-Qārī Muhammad Yūsuf Ahmadī’s Remarks on the Visit Made by the Emirate’s Delegation to the Republic of Iran]. 
Mullā ‘Umar said, “It’s incumbent upon all Muslims to thwart all the cursed plots of the cunning enemy, and to not give him the opportunity to light the fires of disagreement amongst the Muslims. A major component of American policy is to categorize the Muslims in Iraq with the labels of Shī’ah and Sun- nī, and in Afghanistan with the labels of Pashtun, Tājīk, Hazārah and Uzbek, in order to decrease the severity and strength of the popular uprisings and the accompanying armed resistance. […] As such, I request the brothers in Iraq to put behind them the differences that exist in the name of Shī’ah and Sunnī, and to fight in unity against the occupying enemy, for victory is not possible without unity” [A Message to the Mujāhid People of Iraq and Afghanistan]. 
NOTE: Some muhājirīn who had been in Khurāsān for a long time informed me that there are senior commanders in Afghanistan and Waziristan who doubt that Mullā ‘Umar is still alive and are convinced that he was either killed or im- prisoned, as none of them has seen him since the start of the modern crusader campaign against Afghanistan. They also quoted Mullā ‘Umar’s son as saying that he had not seen him for 12 years. Therefore, it’s possible that these ex- pressions containing clear deviation from the truth came from someone other than him. Even if one sees within his old messages a precedent for the state- ments attributed to him recently, they weren’t to the same extent of wrong. Wallāhul-musta’ān. 
From the guidance of Allah and His Messenger (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) is that the Muslims are encouraged to prepare themselves for jihād in the path of Allah in order to terrorize His en- emies. This preparation covers all relevant areas, including physical preparation, tactical and stra- tegic preparation, resource and logistics prepara- tion, and most importantly religious preparation. We are required to utilize and prepare all means available to us that would contribute to the goal of fighting in the path of Allah and bringing victory to His religion, but in the end we place our trust 
Following the announcement of the Khilāfah’s ex- pansion to new lands, the mujāhidīn in the new wilāyāt stepped up their attacks in the fight against the kuffār and murtaddīn. In Sīnā’, we first saw the release of a video depicting the mujāhidīn of the region targeting and taking vengeance on Sīsī’s murtadd soldiers. Thereafter, the new wilāyah continued its military operations with numerous successful assaults conducted throughout the month of Muharram. In addition, they successful- ly targeted and killed an American petroleum ex- pert – William Henderson – in the western desert, and also captured and executed a number of Sīsī’s spies. 
By clarifying the truth, however, one is only fur- ther exposed to being targeted by the deviants. This fact is underscored by the discovery of a cell of Khawārij hiding within the land of the Islamic State as they sought to recruit others to their misguidance. Amongst the shubuhāt which they used as a basis for their takfīr is that the Islamic State does not make takfīr of the Sunnī masses in Iraq and Shām, and that the Islamic State de- clares the Rāfidah to be murtaddīn, as opposed to kuffār asliyyīn (disbelievers in origin).1 
The cell was infiltrated by the Islamic State’s security apparatus, the members were appre- hended, and the cell was disbanded and pun- ished according to Allah’s Sharī’ah. May Allah continue to grant the Islamic State victories against both the kuffār and mubtadi’ah (deviant innovators). _____________ 1 Contemporary scholars differ over the ruling on kāfir sects existing for mul- tiple generations and ascribing themselves to Islam as to whether they are murtaddīn or kuffār asliyyīn. Some later scholars consider them to be kuffār asliyyīn. The first famous scholar to hold this view was as-San’ānī. However, earlier scholars such as Ibn Taymiyyah consider these sects to be murtaddīn. Likewise, this is the official stance of the Islamic State as declared by Shaykh Abū ‘Umar al-Baghdādī (rahimahullāh) in his audio statement “Qul Innī ‘Alā Bayyinah Min Rabbī.” The ruling of apostasy on the Rāfidah does not mean they had ever been Muslims but rather, that they are dealt with much more severely, as they must either enter into Islam or face the sword, as opposed to being treated like kuffār asliyyīn who can sometimes be allowed to remain upon their kufr in certain circumstances (treaties, slavery, etc.). The differenc- es in the way that the two are dealt with can be found in the books of fiqh. 
Only a month after a much-vaunted “victory” in Bījī against the mujāhidīn, the Safawī forces found themselves being chased out of the very town that they falsely claimed to have com- pletely liberated. The “complete liberation” a month ago was, in reality, just another instance in a pattern of lies attempting to conceal the in- competence of the crusader-backed murtaddīn. They had managed some minor gains within the town and succeeded in deluding their ignorant supporters into believing that they had actually driven out the mujāhidīn. 
On Wednesday 2 Rabī’ al-Awwal 1436, an apos- tate pilot flying for the crusader alliance was cap- tured by the Islamic State after his plane was shot down with a heat-seeking anti-aircraft missile. The successful hitting of the target and subse- quent crash was by Allah’s permission. All praise and thanks is due to Him alone. The Jordanian regime admitted to the shooting down of their plane, only to be contradicted by the Americans who worried their allies would stop participating in the airstrikes, as their allies would fear the em- barrassment they would face if their soldiers also ended up being captured by the Islamic State. His father and brother then pleaded for his release, claiming he was a “sincere Muslim,” not realizing he was a murderous murtadd due to his military service for the Jordanian tāghūt and his partici- pation in the crusade that killed many Muslims. 
er jets equipped with laser-guided missiles come in to carry out their part of the mission. We took off to Iraq from Muwaffaq al-Salti Air Base – in the city of al-Azraq in Zarqā’ Governorate – at 6:15 AM. We received aerial refueling at 7:55, then went to the waiting area where we were met up by a party consisting of Saudi F15s, Emirati F16s, and Moroccan F16s. We entered the region of ar- Raqqah to sweep the area, then the striker jets entered to begin their attack. My plane was struck by a heat-seeking missile. I heard and felt its hit. The other Jordanian pilot in the mission – the first lieutenant pilot Saddām Mardīnī – contacted me from a participating jet and told me that I was struck and that fire was coming out of the rear nozzle of my engine. I checked the system display and it indicated that the engine was damaged and burning. The plane began to deviate from its nor- mal flight path, so I ejected. I landed in the Furāt River by parachute and the seat caught on some ground, keeping me fixed, until I was captured by soldiers of the Islamic State. 
MURTADD: Of course. There are around 200 Americans in Muwaffaq al-Salti Air Base. Amongst them, there are about 16 US pilots, one of which is female, with the remainder of the 200 serving as technicians, engineers, and in other support roles. The Americans some- times have dinner with us and eat mansaf, which they like a lot. Their talk does not include details about operations because of matters of secrecy and security. 
direction of Iraq where many of the coalition jets assemble in mid-air to form attack squadrons. He was followed by a second jet taking off in the same direction. The second jet’s landing gear failed to retract after take-off. The pilot asked the first jet to pull back towards him and veri- fy the problem. The first pilot confirmed there was a problem with the landing gear. There was heavy fog and one of the jets crashed in Jordan. The pilot died from this accident. 
In Jordan and its masājid of ‘Ammān, az-Zarqā’, Irbid, and other cities, I connected with some of the sons of these cities who called themselves Jamā’at at-Tawhīd. Nothing connected us to each other except for walā’ and barā’ which we learned from the Qur´ān, the books of tawhīd, what Abū Muhammad al-Maqdisī wrote regard- ing disbelief in tāghūt and belief in Allah, what others wrote regarding tawhīd such as ‘Ab- dul-Qādir Ibn ‘Abdil-‘Azīz (Sayyid Imām) – may Allah bring them both back to what they were upon of truth – and the older books of Ibn Tay- miyyah, Ibnul-Qayyim, and others. We learned from these books under the direction of senior brothers with shar’ī knowledge. 
Abū Mus’ab az-Zarqāwī was the example of the muwahhid practicing jihād. He was the focus of all the brothers’ hearts. He was like an amīr for us. I did not see anyone in the arena who opposed this opinion or consensus. Before Sep- tember 11th, we used to consider Tandhīm al- Qā’idah to be a jihādī organization with an irjā’ī orientation because of what had been declared in the past (the late 80s and early 90s) by some of its leaders regarding various apostate rulers – especially the Saudis – and their armies, and the hesitance of these individuals in declaring the apostasy of those rulers and their armies.1 We also considered the Taliban in Afghanistan _____________ 1 Editor’s Note: The presence of historical differences in ‘aqīdah and manhaj between Abū Mus’ab and the Tandhīm are indicated in the words of a top leader of al-Qā’idah – Sayf al-‘Adl – who stated, “The points of difference with Abū Mus’ab were not something new to us and were not unique, because hundreds of brothers used to come to us from numerous places of the world, and we would differ with them in a number of matters and issues. All of this was due to the different understandings of some aspects of creed connected to walā’ and barā’ and what is thereby necessitated in matters of takfīr and irjā’. The second matter was how to act and deal with the present state of the Ummah, every mujāhid in his region and original homeland. The most important point for Abū Mus’ab was the stance towards the Saudi rule and the method to deal with and handle it in light of the shar’ī rulings related to kufr and ‘īman” [Tajribatī Ma’ Abī Mus’ab az-Zarqāwī]. Note that Sayf al-‘Adl attempts to downplay the importance of these differences. 
Abū Mus’ab az-Zarqāwī went to Afghanistan during the Russian occupation so as to repel the communist enemy assaulting the Muslim land of Afghanistan despite what he saw of shar’ī violations from the laymen of the people. For this reason, we as an assembly divided into two groups: one group that supported working in Af- ghanistan despite what was there, and a group that did not support working in Afghanistan. 
Abū Mus’ab az-Zarqāwī returned to Jordan be- fore the First Gulf War. He then entered prison after the end of the war for a period of 5 years. He was placed in the prisons of Jordan along- side Abū Muhammad al-Maqdisī over a case the Jordanian regime called at the time “the Bay’ah of the Imām.” He left prison and quickly packed and travelled to Afghanistan, remaining there until the events of September 11th took place. He remained there because the arena of Af- ghanistan was suitable for jihād due to the lack of kufrī regimes in control, the wide expanses of territory for the mujāhid brothers inside it, the ease of movement, and the abundance of arms for preparation and training. But – as it is known – America entered Afghanistan and occupied it. 
After the American campaign started, all of the mujāhid groups withdrew and left the arena for other arenas, most important of which was Wa- ziristan. It was full of different groups, creeds, and methodologies ascribing to jihād. They all took part in fighting the enemy (America). From amongst these groups was Tandhīm al-Qā’idah which had become famous because of its special operations, the most famed of which were the demolition of the towers in New York, and the at- tacks against the USS Cole, and the US embassies in Nairobi and Darussalam. 
In the late 90s, Abū Mus’ab az-Zarqāwī and his group of very small numbers had a center in the Afghan city of Herat – a city with a Rāfidī ma- jority – far from the assemblies of the mujāhid muhājir groups. He did so to isolate his group from others at the time and prevent traffic from regular visits and thereby protect his group from intelligence infiltration. He also isolated them because of what he and his group was accused of by members of the other groups. They ac- cused him of being takfīrī, Khārijī, and a person of extremist views. 
Thereafter, in late 2004, while the legions of mujāhidīn headed by Shaykh Abū Mus’ab were attacking the Rāfidah, the Americans, and those alongside them from amongst the apostates and agents, the Shaykh announced his bay’ah to Shaykh Usāmah. This positioned us – Abū Mus’ab’s group in the prisons of Iran – to also give bay’ah. We had with us a group of brothers from Tandhīm al-Qā’idah in the prisons of the Rāfidah. They were there in prison when the brother Khālid al-‘Ārūrī (may Allah release him) and I were arrested. We, the members of Abū Mus’ab az-Zarqāwī’s group, Jamā’at at-Tawhīd wal-Jihād, gave bay’ah except for the brothers Khālid al-‘Ārūrī and Suhayb al-Urdunī2. We did not hear any comment from them on the mat- ter. It is possible that it was because they be- lieved the Tandhīm was still soft in its handling of the apostate regime armies and because of differences they had with prisoners from the Tandhīm in Iran who did not consider the Rāfi- dah nor the jailers to be apostates. 
Through the announcement of the Shaykh Ibn Lādin (rahimahullāh), our view of the Tandhīm changed from what it was before. The organiza- tion was now a mirror image of what I used to see in the condition of the brothers in Jordan – Jamā’at at-Tawhīd. How much I wished to be re- leased then so as to hug Shaykh Abū Mus’ab (ra- himahullāh) for gathering the ranks upon tawhīd and angering the enemies by this bay’ah. The im- age remained in my mind as such. I was waiting for the moment to leave prison so as to live with the brothers in the arenas of jihād with the new and large organization I now belonged to. 
I went to the Pakistani city of Quetta and re- mained there for a period of 6 months, until I was permitted to enter the area of Waziristan by the Tandhīm. The reason for the delay from them was the severity of American strikes against the brothers in Waziristan. Therefore, my testimony covers what I witnessed and experienced in Wa- ziristan after the passing of the amīr and found- er of the Tandhīm – Shaykh Usāmah Ibn Lādin (rahimahullāh) in the operation carried out by the American forces near Abbottabad. 
The first surprise and major shock for me was that I used to think the area of Waziristan was an area completely liberated in which a person would travel east, west, north, and south, not seeing the armies of apostasy and not hearing a sound from them. I had thought the mujāhidīn were the decision makers there and that the shar’ī laws were implemented by them there. But alas and sadly, the dominant law was the tribal laws. To the detriment of the Sharī’ah 
laws, these tribal laws governed the people of the land. The Pakistani armies of apostasy cov- ered every hill and mountain overseeing all clus- ters of people, and all villages and cities. This Pakistani army set up a curfew for one day every week, so as to move between its various zones and resupply itself with munitions and funds. If an irritating matter occurred to them, they would extend the curfew however they wanted. 
As for the condition of the mujāhidīn on the ground, then you would see the strangest of things! The chief organization – “Qā’idat al-Ji- hād” – supposedly had a great reputation which the eyes and the hearts of the good Muslim mass- es with sound fitar (plural of fitrah) yearned and waited for. They expected the organization to guide them towards liberation, rising up against their tawāghīt, the establishment of Allah’s law upon their lands, and to support their rights and aid their oppressed... But, we did not see any of this in that arena at all, for the Tandhīm was engrossed in categorizing the mujāhidīn of the arena into extremely takfīrī, Khārijī, and partial- ly takfīrī. They would bring closer to themselves everyone who was deeply into irjā’ under the pretense of crushing Khārijī thought and expel- ling it from the Tandhīm. For this reason, the py- ramidal organizational ladder leading up to the leadership was a ladder surrounded by a filter consisting of an intelligence apparatus of man- haj claimants. Thereby, no brother with proper manhaj who they considered to be opposed to them was able to change evil and announce the truth countering what the Tandhīm was upon of shar’ī and military mistakes. Rather, these brothers were dealt with through exclusion, os- tracism, marginalization, and even defamation. 
As you know, the evil of the Rāfidah became manifest, especially their plots, their schemes, and their buried hatred for Islam and the Mus- lims from amongst the Sahābah, Tābi’īn, and righteous scholars. Allah exposed them and their wickedness. This media (the Rāfidī satel- lite TV stations) is just a clear and open proof exposing them, their deeds, and their accusa- tions against our Messenger and religion. Their media will be a proof against us in the Dunyā and on Judgment Day for not doing anything against these heretics. 
After a few days from me reaching Mīrānshāh, I was threatened and scolded by the amīr of the Shar’ī Committee of Tandhīm al-Qā’idah for us- ing the word “Rāfidī” to describe Iran where I was held as a prisoner for a period of about 8 years. I used the word when I was asked about my condition, point of departure, etc., by broth- ers who would visit me after my arrival from my trip. I was then accused of being Khārijī and tak- fīrī! I was told by the amīr of the Shar’ī Com- mittee at the time (Sālim at-Tarābulusī al-Lībī – rahimahullāh), “Go to Jordan and make takfīr there of whomever you want, and we will sup- port you!” That was the second shock for me. 
These points would be conveyed either via writ- ten messages passed on by the brother Abū Sā- lih al-Misrī (rahimahullāh) or by mouth directly to the brother Abū ‘Ubaydah al-Maqdisī whose responsibilities included being a middleman be- tween the brothers in the arena and the leader- ship of the Tandhīm. Brother Abū Sālih al-Misrī was a close friend of mine while we were in pris- on together in Iran. Our relationship continued between us in Waziristan. Allah made this man defend me and cover me through his close rela- tionship with the leadership of the Tandhīm. He was also my amīr in some special work we would do together. 
The Tandhīm remained upon this condition, not hearing, not seeing, and not wanting to change, especially because it was like a secret society, and reaching its leadership was very difficult, except in rare cases like a visit from a leader to the camps in the mountain. It was to the point that a brother with a need, question, or grief, would not receive a response, and if he ever did, he would be fortunate. A response could arrive after weeks, months, or never. It was an impen- etrable class system. The filter of the Tandhīm would filter everyone in the arena. Whoever did not oppose the methodology of the leadership would climb the pyramidal ladder. Sadly, I dis- covered that the methodology of Qā’idat al-Ji- hād after the death of Shaykh Usāmah Ibn Lādin (rahimahullāh) was the same methodology as that before his addresses in which he made ex- plicit takfīr of the Saudi regime and its soldiers. So al-Qā’idah before my imprisonment was the same al-Qā’idah after my release. It was a meth- odology of irjā’ that refrained from many matters under the claim of caution or achieving benefit. The strangest matter was the hesitance in making takfīr of the Rāfidah of the era whose evil is not hidden from anyone whether distant or far. As for the condition of the Tandhīm during the period of my imprisonment, then I do not know what they were upon. 
Abū ‘Ubaydah al-Maqdisī was a methodologi- cal man carrying “Qā’idī” irjā’ī thought, but he would not abandon dialogue nor discussion, rather he would listen, speak, and discuss. I used to think there was much good in him, de- spite how loud our voices would get against each other in the public and private gatherings, until I heard strange things from him including his statement that the Tandhīm considered at- Tantāwī (the former muftī of al-Azhar) and al- Qardāwī to be Muslim scholars and that they did not make takfīr of them. 
At the same time, the Arabic magazine as- Sumūd released a statement upon the tongue of Mullā Muhammad ‘Umar Mujāhid in which he addressed the Islamic Ummah on the occa- sion of Eid al-Fitr 1433 AH and explained the fu- ture of Afghanistan after the departure of the Americans. He mentioned some clauses that impair Islam and – using a patriotic and nation- alistic tone – called to respect of international conventions and borders, congratulated the na- tions of the Arab revolutions that changed their regimes, and asked the people who left those countries – meaning the oppressed muhājir mujāhidīn – to go back to their lands.3 
I would say to myself, where does Tandhīm al- Qā’idah – which fought America the caretaker of kufr and democracy – stand on this state- ment? Did this statement just pass by Qā’idat al-Jihād? And this statement came about after prefaces preceding it in the conference of Paris and the meeting with Mullā Muhammad ‘Umar’s delegate in Tokyo University where they spoke with the western world about the future of Af- _____________ 3 Editor’s Note: The statement of Mullā ‘Umar referred to as well as others of his and his Emirate’s were quoted in the article of this issue titled “The Qā’idah of adh-Dhawāhirī, al-Harārī, and an-Nadhārī, and the Absent Yemeni Wisdom.” 
I wrote a refutation of Mullā Muhammad ‘Umar’s statement and reminded the Tandhīm with the statement. Abū ‘Ubaydah al-Maqdisī had told me to write. I also asked Haqqānī’s faction who rep- resented Mullā Muhammad ‘Umar in Waziristan. They told me to also write a refutation of Mullā Muhammad ‘Umar. So I wrote a refutation and sent a copy with Haqqānī’s faction to Mullā Mu- hammad ‘Umar. They told me that the response would reach him on Eid al-Adha. But sadly, no response came until now. I met the representa- tive of Mullā Muhammad ‘Umar – Muhibbullāh – and gave him a copy of the refutation. Again, sadly, no response has come until now. 
I looked around and did not find a place to go where I would see Islam truly with its laws es- tablished. The earth confined me. So I thought first to go to Burma to fight there. I asked one of my brothers and friends from the senior and eminent mujāhidīn in the arena, from the Pun- jābī brothers. He told me that going to Burma was impossible because of the difficult and long route and because of the tāghūtī and racist re- gime of Bangladesh. I then thought of going to Yemen. That was the plan I wanted to execute. 
2) Taliban Waziristan who consider them- selves to be Pakistani. They have many leaders including Qalbhadir, Ghulām Khān, Gud ‘Ab- dur-Rahmān, and others. They consider them- selves the Pashtun of Pakistan. They work for their interests in the region even if to the detriment of all the other factions. They have a strong link with the Pakistani intelligence. They consider Mullā Muhammad ‘Umar to be their leader. 
4) Tahrīk Taliban Pakistan are migrants from the regions that the Pakistani army entered in Wādī Swāt and other areas near Peshawar. They are perhaps the best group present in the Wa- ziristan arena. But sadly, the Pakistani intelli- gence was able to infiltrate some of its individu- als and incite some of their tribal leaders against one another and towards fighting each other over issues of leadership. They consist of tribal assemblies, each assembly having its own leader. They had established the shar’ī laws in Wādī _____________ 4 Editor’s Note: The term means “students” in Pashto and is used to refer to any group appearing to be “students” even if they don’t belong to a single entity and even if they fight against each other. 
Swāt before my arrival to Waziristan, and very quickly Tandhīm al-Qā’idah sent a Pashtun man named Muftī Hasan to meet the Tahrīk and convince them to not rush into establishing the shar’ī laws, for the sake of the greater, general good… When Muftī Hasan met Shaykh Maqbūl (the muftī of the Tahrīk), Shaykh Maqbūl con- vinced him in the soundness of establishing the shar’ī laws at that time. So Muftī Hasan returned with new ideas and posed them to Tandhīm al- Qā’idah, but he was recompensed with expul- sion from the Tandhīm. He is now a member of Tahrīk Taliban Pakistan. These events were nar- rated to me by some of the leaders of the Tahrīk who witnessed them. 
(the area controlled by Taliban “Ansar al-Islām”6 allied to the Pakistani regime and whose leader is Mahbūb al-Haqq), after raiding the area. Ter- ror quickly entered the hearts of the Pakistani army troops and their allies, and so they quickly fled without fighting. We were there for three months before the army began to bombard the area. Mīdān then became a shooting ground for the Pakistani army and a warzone defiled by the army’s shelling. We then withdrew from Mīdān back to Kūkī Khayl and Tūrā Dārā. The army then entered Mīdān, achieving a victory by which it damaged its strongest enemy force (the Tahrīk) and expelled them from the area. 
When I arrived to Mīrānshāh, I wrote a message to Lajnat Bukhārā (the Committee of Bukhārā – an administrative committee belonging to the leadership of al-Qā’idah set up after the killings of ‘Atiyyatullāh and Abū Yahyā al-Lībī, rahima- humullāh). I explained what had happened and explained my view on the near future of Wa- ziristan and the inevitable entrance of the Paki- stani army into the central regions after it com- pletes its domination of the north. I attached to the message a copy of the refutation I wrote against the previous address of Mullā Muham- mad ‘Umar to remind the brothers that the arena was now between the hammer of nation- alism and anvil of tribalism in Afghanistan and Waziristan. Sadly, I did not receive any response from the Tandhīm about this statement. 
A number of matters occurred in the arena during my six-month absence in the north. These matters put the Tandhīm on the brink of extinction. The most significant was the case of the sons of brothers in the Tandhīm, sons of shuhadā’ (we consider them as such), sons of leaders. These sons fell into fāhishah (sodomy), leading them into espionage (as happened be- fore in Sudan with others). Their treachery led to tens of airstrikes killing many brothers. We moved against the silence of the Tandhīm and put pressure on them to set up a trial by the Tandhīm independent of the Emirate of Afghan- istan. But the Tandhīm insisted upon its stance of bringing a judge from the Emirate, claiming the Tandhīm belonged to the Emirate and had bay’ah to it. Our request of a trial set up by the Tandhīm and independent of the Emirate was because of the differences between us and the Emirate – due to its madhhabī bias – on the punishment for espionage and sodomy.7 
The Emirate refused to delve into the matter and instead referred it back to the Tandhīm.8 The story of the youth involved in the case spread everywhere, turning the Tandhīm into a joke. Questions began to be asked by the mujāhidīn and the people. Why did the Tandhīm delay rul- ing in their case? Why does the Tandhīm insist upon doing so? Why did the Tandhīm release the suspects in the case from prison before a judgment was passed? 
At the same time, brothers reached us from northern Afghanistan to Mīrānshāh on their way to the Islamic State. At that point, the State became the focus of eyes and questions, for I had not heard much about it before. I did not know a lot about it because of the weakness of _____________ 7 Editor’s Note: The judges of the Emirate are Deobandi (Māturīdī Hanafī). They have irjā’ in ruling upon “Muslim” spies who apostatize by aiding the kuffār against the Muslims. They also have less severe punishments for this wicked deed as well as the sin of sodomy in comparison to other schools of fiqh. Essentially, the Tandhīm’s insistence on referring the matter back to the Emirate was to prevent the execution of the suspects. For this reason, the author and his brothers requested a trial administered by the Tandhīm and independent of the Emirate. 
the internet in the region. It is very slow and complicated. The only source of information on the arena in Shām was the Tandhīm itself. They would not show anyone anything about the State. It was as if it was nonexistent. Also, when the Islamic State of Iraq was announced by Amīrul-Mu’minīn Abū ‘Umar al-Baghdādī (rahimahullāh), the spotlight was not focused on it. The kufrī media would completely hide it from vision. We were also at the time impris- oned in Iran, cut off from the world complete- ly. It appeared to us as being a small group or organization with occasional actions appearing here and there, only to have the curtain drop upon its actions. Even when the State carried on under the leadership of Amīrul-Mu’minīn Abū Bakr al-Baghdādī (hafidhahullāh), prison was an obstacle as well as the scarce media in- formation coming from or about it. 
me. During the meeting, he expressed his refus- al to establish a trial independent of the Emir- ate, away from madhhabī bias. He said on the issue of the case, that it was foolish to estab- lish a trial for the charged individuals because such was not based in wisdom and because the suspects would not admit to their crimes, and therefore the accusers would be flogged instead… The accusers were the head of the Se- curity Committee and his assistant. Then after much tugging and pulling, requesting the sus- pects be returned to prison and put on trial, he said to get out of the tough spot he was in, “We will gather them all. That is easy. Then we will put them on trial. Then we will release them.” 
The meeting ended finally with al-Bāshā agree- ing to convince the brothers in Lajnat Bukhārā to re-arrest the suspects and put them on tri- al. At the same time, the subject of the Islamic State began to react with what was taking place on the ground (the Islamic State had consol- idation and established the laws contrary to the condition of the Tandhīm). The issue of the suspects began to reach a dead end because the Tandhīm declared its fear of the suspects’ mothers, saying they might contact the foreign media or hold protests in the streets of Mīrān- shāh and incite the people against the Tandhīm. Al-Bāshā then said that the Tandhīm could no longer handle this. 
from the arena of Waziristan carrying secret and private messages implicating adh-Dhawāhirī with al-Jawlānī in their attempt to make a place for Tandhīm al-Qā’idah in Shām at the expense of the Islamic State. What proves this is the immediate acceptance of Jawlānī’s bay’ah by adh-Dhawāhirī. Adh-Dhawāhirī also asked the amīr of the Islamic State to return to Iraq “in exchange” for his “recognition” of al-Baghdādī being Amīrul-Mu’minīn and his state an Islam- ic state. All this if Amīrul-Mu’minīn returned to Iraq, otherwise his state would be Khārijī and he would not “recognize” him to be Amīrul- Mu’minīn. 
Adh-Dhawāhirī then continually appeared in the media displaying himself to be a gentle lamb on the issue of the State and the bay’ah and insisted upon having “the right” for leadership and “the obligation” to be listened to and obeyed. He be- gan to describe the State and its leader as having the worst traits until the State became the tar- get for everyone who carried arms in Shām and had entered into the maze of adh-Dhawāhirī’s ideas after he caught many people in the traps of his twisted thinking. His ideas contradict jihād and the carrying of arms, and encourage pacifist methodologies [never-ending protests] and the seeking of popular support, all of which led to the new Pharaohs’ takeover of Egypt and other countries. 
Many women, children, and men were killed for no reason. They could not do anything except go to the roads, squares, and plazas, practicing the new politics that adh-Dhawāhirī called to and those like him who claimed that what the protestors practice is the real jihād which will change oppression into justice and kufr into Is- lam. Because of him, truth is no longer as clear from falsehood. The tāghūt [Morsi] is praised and supplications are made for him, and the truth and its people are criticized. He thereby destroyed Tandhīm al-Qā’idah. 
In retrospect, it’s clear to me that the evacuation of the Waziristan arena was intentionally done by the Tandhīm. I remember how Abū ‘Ubaydah al-Maqdisī, in the beginning of the jihādī action in Syria, would place his hand in the hands of the muhājir going to Syria and ask him to give bay’ah that he would go to Jabhat an-Nusrah, at the time when Jabhat an-Nusrah still had not broken off from the State and there were not many groups yet in the arena. The most prom- inent groups were the Asad regime, the Free Syrian Army, and Jabhat an-Nusrah. This was a puzzle to me, which I did not understand at the time. Why would one ask the mujāhid leaving for Shām to give bay’ah to Jabhat an-Nusrah when his own words speak loudly that he would not go anywhere else? Abū ‘Ubaydah al-Maqdisī would repeatedly make the statement, “We want to es- tablish a place for us in that arena.” It was as if he wanted to bind the mujāhid to Jabhat an-Nusrah as some plot was being crafted by the Tandhīm for the future. 
pionage and sodomy]. Rather, they made a special camp for them amongst the camps of the Tandhīm called Katībat Usāmah Ibn Zayd (radiyallāhu ‘anh). The two spies – sons of two leaders of the Tandhīm – from amongst the sus- pects were killed by the Security Committee af- ter it witnessed the disregard from the leader- ship of the Tandhīm for their case. This stirred an uproar, which has not settled since in the Tandhīm, despite the fact the Security Commit- tee killed them after Siddīqullāh’s faction with the help of Gud ‘Abdur-Rahmān’s faction – who is linked to the Pakistani intelligence and who had a role in recruiting the two spies – tried to free them from prison. The Security Committee was expelled from the Tandhīm, removed from the field, and forced to remain in their homes. 
I and a number of brothers from amongst those who would later go on to sign the declaration of our bay’ah to the Islamic State prior to my hijrah to Shām, resolved to wage war against Tandhīm al-Qā’idah by exposing it after all the paths leading to a resolution with it were closed. We – Arabs and non-Arabs, muhājirīn and ansār alike – began by inquiring about what was taking place in the arena, and we made a list of questions for the Tandhīm so that it could respond to them and so that these responses would be the final junction ending our relation- ship with the Tandhīm. 
There came no response to these inquiries, even up until the last mujāhid had left the area of Mīrānshāh, which the Pakistani army had en- tered and closed off in June of 2014. At that point, in time, when we had given the Tandhīm ample time to rethink and backtrack from its mistakes and transgresses, adh-Dhawāhirī was, unfortu- nately, leading the Tandhīm to the bottom of the pit, even up until the writing of this article. 
We disassociated ourselves from Tandhīm al- Qā’idah and from the shar’ī lapses of adh- Dhawāhirī, and gave bay’ah to the Islamic State and its amīr, Amīrul-Mu’minīn Abū Bakr al-Bagh- dādī. This was due to what we saw of consoli- dation for Tawhīd and Sharī’ah, which was what we had been searching for and what a person’s soul yearns for and what delights the heart and puts the mind at ease, announcing from within the end of the journey in search for the truth, the correct path of jihād, the path of the jamā’ah that would take one to al-Firdaws, bi idhnillāh. 
Yes, we gave bay’ah to Amīrul-Mu’minīn Abū Bakr al-Baghdādī after I already had a bay’ah of imārah to Mullā Muhammad ‘Umar and also had bay’ah to Shaykh Usāmah and likewise Dr. Ayman adh- Dhawāhirī, but only because of Mullā Muham- mad ‘Umar and Dr. Ayman adh-Dhawāhirī’s nul- lification of the conditions of the bay’ah by what Mullā Muhammad ‘Umar wrote in his disastrous messages to the Muslims on the occasions of the Islamic Eid celebrations. As for adh-Dhawāhirī, then it was through his refusal to implement the shar’ī laws (due to flimsy arguments such as the alleged “benefit”) and insisting on that, and turning a blind eye to his amīr Mullā Muham- mad ‘Umar’s dangerous shar’ī violations. And 
Some of the brothers – may Allah reward them – began communicating through the Internet, obtaining pictures taken from within the Islamic State, showing them to the people, and show- ing them the video releases in restaurants and coffee shops. This would be a da’wah for them and a means of shedding light on the Islamic State, the true jihād that it’s waging, and the conquests that Allah has granted it. This had a positive effect on both the Ansār and the people in general. And this, by Allah’s grace, contribut- ed to shaking the Tandhīm and to the people ig- 
Likewise, the mujāhid groups in the arena started discussing the Tandhīm’s proposals concerning pacifism and popular support, the jihād that the Islamic State is waging, and the notion that the Tandhīm’s idea of peaceful demonstrations at the expense of jihād would neither eliminate a tāghūt nor remove injustice from the necks of the peo- ple. Rather, it was a major source of corrup- tion. And what occurred instead was the killing of women and children in the public squares and on the streets at the hands of the soldiers and policemen of the tawāghīt without their killers paying a price for their actions. In fact, this idea is what is creating the new Pharaohs. 
Al-Qā’idah’s cronies raised their voices, de- claring war with neither fear nor shame, for the Tandhīm immediately cut off stipends from the families of the brothers who had signed the declaration of bay’ah without any consideration for the presence of wom- en, children, and the sick. Thus, the wealth that generous people were donating to al- Qā’idah and its members in order for them to wage jihād and so that Allah would accept from the their sadaqāt, was now cut off by adh-Dhawāhirī from those who deserved it for no reason other than their desire for the truth and for supporting the truth and estab- lishing the religion. Instead, adh-Dhawāhirī used it to wage war against the truth and its people, subhānallāh! He will meet Allah in that condition if he does not repent and turn back from what he is upon. And there is no barrier between Allah and the du’ā’ of the oppressed. 
because of the fighting that took place in the city of Wānā in late 2008. Tandhīm al- Qā’idah, at the time, dropped their support for the group when the Uzbeks fought the Pakistani army and its ally Nadhīr, arguing that the Uzbeks were takfīrī, Khawārij, and extremists, which led to many of the Uzbeks being killed. The group was forced out of Wānā in southern Waziristan and then head- ed towards Mīr ‘Alī and Mīrānshāh. Tandhīm al-Qā’idah attempted to implore them to stand in the face of the brothers with bay’ah to the Islamic State, but the Tandhīm re- turned without success. 
They met with the Rūshin group and spoke with their amīr Hamīdullāh, as well as others from the group. They met the Uzbek group of Afghanistan. They met with the Tājīk brothers and their amīr ‘Abdul-Walīy. They met with Hājī Bashīr’s Uzbek group. They met with the Turkistānī brothers’ group. They met with the brother ‘Abdullāh ash-Shīshānī from the group belonging to the Islamic Emirate of Qawqāz in Mīrānshāh. They met with the allies of al-Qā’idah, the Haqqānī network, which represents the Emirate in Afghanistan – the Emirate of Mullā Muhammad ‘Umar. They met with some of the Tahrīk (Pakistan). 
The Tandhīm met with the Afghanistan Emir- ate’s representative involved in recruiting spies for the Americans and for the Pakistani intelligence, Gud ‘Abdur-Rahmān, in an at- tempt to reconcile between Gud ‘Abdur-Rah- mān and al-Qā’idah after a failed assassina- tion attempt on Gud ‘Abdur-Rahmān. The fruit of this reconciliation was that they left together embracing one another after Gud ‘Abdur-Rahmān stated that his war is against those who wanted to kill him, and he wasn’t referring to Tandhīm al-Qā’idah. Rather, he was referring to the Tandhīm’s former Secu- rity Committee, which had been expelled by the Tandhīm and had given bay’ah to the Is- lamic State. 
Tandhīm al-Qā’idah received a representa- tive of Ansār al-Islam [of Iraq] for the purpose of a joint operation in Iraq with the Tandhīm against the Islamic State. The Tandhīm began facilitating for the representative to meet with Kurdish members of Tandhīm al-Qā’idah and bring them down from the mountain to the city of Mīrānshāh for counsel and plan- ning. This counsel and planning was in order to gather Kurdish personnel – both military and shar’ī – from the Tandhīm to assist them in training inside Afghanistan so as to oper- ate in Iraq after passing through Iran. They produced a video for them called “Mullā Ghāzī ‘Abdir-Rashīd Training Camp.” Mullā Ghāzī was killed at the hands of Pakistani forces in Islamabad. We consider him to be from amongst the shuhadā’, and Allah is his final judge. Allah made their plot futile, for Ansār al-Islam declared their bay’ah to the Islamic State. And the great conquests that Allah granted to the Islamic State in Mosul and elsewhere were but a cause that thwart- ed the Tandhīm’s plot. 
And, indeed, my heart was cooled when I used to remember the group of truthful Punjābīs who left Tandhīm al-Qā’idah, leaving behind what remained of the Tandhīm to be played around with by adh-Dhawāhirī and the group of Sufi Punjābīs headed by the two Deobandis ‘Āsim ‘Umar and Ahmad Fārūq. They are the ones to whom the Tandhīm handed over the nerve center of the organization, Sahāb Me- dia in the Urdu language, corrupting all that was left. The Tandhīm’s engineer, Mukhtār al-Maghribī – the link between the Tandhīm and the two Punjābī Deobandis – turned Tandhīm al-Qā’idah into a Deobandi Tandhīm under the name “Tandhīm al-Qā’idah in the Lands of India.”9 And they shunned muhājir personnel, not feeling themselves in need of them. 
O Allah, bring an end to any project waging war against the Islamic State. O Allah, tear apart any such projects and exterminate them. I ask Allah the Mighty, Lord of the no- ble throne, to preserve our State and sup- port it, to guide the steps of its amīr upon the truth, to raise its banner high, and to al- low us to trample with our feet all those who show us enmity and wage war against our re- ligion. Indeed, He is Mighty and the One who hears du’ā’. 
_____________ 9 Editor’s Note: This testimony was written by the author before the announce- ment of the Indian branch of the Tandhīm. He saw the announcement coming based upon information he had beforehand. See in this issue “The Qā’idah of adh-Dhawāhirī, al-Harārī, and an-Nadhārī, and the Absent Yemeni Wisdom,” as it contains a statement from the Emirate – which the Tandhīm claims to belong to – conflicting with the so-called “expansion” of the Tandhīm. 
“Absolutely. I mean, ISIS has got to be de- feated because it is doing what all these militant Islamists are trying to do. They all want to first dominate their part of the Middle East and then go on from there for their twisted idea of world domina- tion. […] Essentially, they want to accu- mulate enough power to then carry out their mad ambitions. So, that is the dan- ger with ISIS. It is creating a statement. It has two million petrodollars a day. It’s weapons it has taken over from the Iraqi army and so on. And it is dangerous, no question.” 
“I think it isn’t so much the will, I don’t think. I think our capacity is different because the threats and the challenges are far more dif- fuse and varied. I talked about asymmetric threats. I mean the sophistication of ISIL – just take that for a moment. We’ve never seen an organization like ISIL that is so well-organized, so well-trained, so well-funded, so strategic, so brutal, so completely ruthless. We’ve never seen anything quite like that in one institution. Then they blend in ideology which will eventu- ally lose*, we get that, and social media. The sophistication of their social media program is something that we’ve never seen before. You blend all of that together, that is an incredi- bly powerful new threat. So we’re adjusting to this and we’re trying to – we can’t do it alone.” _____________ * Allah (ta’ālā) said, {It is He who has sent His Messenger with guidance and the religion of truth to manifest it over all religion, even if the mushrikīn despise such} [At-Tawbah: 33]. 
Any country needs its own currency and a move by the Islamic State to gold dinars would be a smart one in today’s turbulent markets. Financial website Quartz wrote, “The gold di- nar taps into a deep history of Islamic coinage that stretches back almost to the time of Mu- hammad himself. The Islamic dinar appeared in 696 AD, when the Umayyad empire – based in Damascus – stretched from the Iberian pen- insula to the Indus River in South Asia.” 
And the value of gold is soaring. In 2006, I pos- sessed a 1 kg bar of gold that was worth, at the time, around $17,000. Sadly it wasn’t mine; a bullion dealer loaned it to me for an article. Staff from all over the building heard about it and would come to ogle over its beauty. Pure gold makes people go a bit strange like that. But if I’d had the money to buy it, that same bar would be worth over $60,000 today. 
The stranglehold the US dollar had on the world since the Bretton Woods agreement of 1944 – when the world’s currencies were pinned to the dollar, which in turn was pinned to gold at $35 per ounce – is long over. The world had sent America their gold for safekeeping during World War 2 and they’d amassed some 20,000 tons of the stuff. Over the space of a few war- torn years, the dollar became the reserve cur- rency of the globe through an internationally recognized gold standard. 
America was rolling in cash. But over-expendi- ture, warfare, and plain greed meant that by the 1960s they were printing far more dollars than they could redeem in gold. The US is estimated to have spent $546 billion alone during the Cold War. They were printing dollars like they were going out of fashion, so the world got nervous, started returning dollars, and asking for their gold back instead. 
America went back in 2003 under the pretense of “weapons of mass destruction” and the “war on terror” and, after ruining the country for its people, immediately turned the oil sales back into dollars. America would start wars and kill hundreds of thousands of people to protect the value of the dollar amongst other economic in- terests. This was made obvious when the US and its allies sat back and watched while Asad slaughtered more than 200,000 of the people of Syria. However, as soon as the Islamic State moved towards the oil fields of Iraq and Arabia, America immediately got involved. 
Iraq is the second-largest supplier of oil after Saudi, but Islamic State gains there have heav- ily disrupted oil supply. Libyan supply has been disrupted by Islamic State attacks while Nigeri- an production is being hit by mujāhidīn there. It’s no coincidence and a smart way of hitting America where it hurts, so the US has to rely more on its own supply. In a panic to stop the situation from getting worse, America has in- vested billions into their own oil and gas drill- ing programs, making them now the largest oil producer in the world at 11 million barrels per day and entering into an oil price war with their Saudi friends. 
Venezuelan leader Hugo Chavez could see it coming and started a campaign in 1998 to get Venezuela’s 211 tons of gold back from the US. It took a huge amount of wrangling before their gold came home; countries don’t like letting go of gold once it’s in their vaults. But he started the ball rolling and now everyone wants their bullion. Switzerland, Ecuador, Hol- land, and Austria are all shouting for their gold back. Germany asked the Fed for their gold in 2012 and was simply told it wasn’t there. 
Countries are now rapidly distancing them- selves from the dollar before the foreseeable meltdown occurs. Therefore, it makes enor- mous sense for the Islamic State to mint their own gold dinars. If you’re trading in a mon- ey that has value on the free market when many other countries are running around with wheelbarrows of paper money to pay for a loaf of bread, you’re in a much stronger position than they. Your economy will flourish while theirs will collapse. 
the job of mega bankers to rubbish gold, be- cause if the world were to return to a monetary system based on precious metals, the control they and governments have over the country and financial health of the public would cease to exist. They’d be out of a job. You cannot ma- nipulate the value of gold. It is what the market demands it be. But with paper money you can fiddle around as much as you like. And it’s all designed to bleed as much money as possible out of the average consumer’s pocket. 
The US Federal Reserve is now printing over $1 trillion per year in “Quantitative Easing 3” in a desperate effort to stave off deflation and print its way out of collapse. They may run out of pa- per in their efforts, but it still won’t work. The dollar’s time is now coming to a close like every other fiat currency before it, and despite the deaths of hundreds of thousands of people to postpone it, history shows it’s inevitable. And for the first time ever, all the world’s currencies are also fiat currencies backed by absolutely nothing. When the collapse comes, it will be shattering… 
Anas Ibn Mālik (radiyallāhu ‘anh) nar- rated that Rasūlullāh (sallallāhu ‘alay- hi wa sallam) said, “Prior to the Dajjāl there will be deceptive years in which the truthful person is belied, the liar is believed, the trustworthy is accused of treachery, the treacherous person is trusted, and the ruwaybidah speaks.” It was said to him, “What is the ru- waybidah?” He said, “The fuwaysiq (worthless fāsiq) who speaks concern- ing the affairs of the general public.” 
Almost a decade later, “pacifist” Japan has once again defied wisdom by entering into another crusader coalition against the Muslims, but this time under the leadership of the “Nobel Peace Prize” winner Obama. And so a “pacifist” country is led by a “peace” prizewinner in a war doomed to fail. What interests did Abe Shinzo expect to achieve for Japan by publicly committing more than 200 million dollars to be explicitly used in the war against the Islamic State, as if the Khilāfah were not a dangerous entity to anger? What kind of hubris blinded him to make his thoughtless announcement from a podium erected by the tāghūt Sisi who wages war against the soldiers of the Khilāfah in Wilāyat Saynā’? What begot him into “forgetting” that the Islamic State had two Japanese prisoners inside its jails awaiting the blunders of Japanese leadership? 
“What is Japan’s concern with us? Who has drawn Japan into this difficult, powerful, and fierce war… into this transgression against our sons in Palestine? Japan cannot endure entering into a war against us. Therefore, it should reconsider its stance. What is the concern of Australia in the far south with us and with the condition of the defenseless people of Afghanistan and Palestine? What is Germany’s concern in this war except kufr and crusade? It is yet another crusade just like the former crusades led by Richard the Lionheart, Barbarossa of Germany, and Louis of France. Likewise today, when Bush raised the cross, the crusader countries immediately scrambled. What is the Arab countries’ concern with this crusade? Why have they entered into it nakedly and openly in broad daylight? Because they are pleased with the rule of the cross” [October 2001 Interview]. 
Shaykh Usāmah Ibn Lādin (rahimahullāh) said the above words 13 years ago when numerous nations rushed to join the crusader coalition mobilized to invade Afghanistan. Japan joined the crusade despite its non-Christian paganism, its “pacifist” constitution, and its great distance from Afghanistan. The unwise Prime Minister at the time – Junichiro Koizumi – committed to providing logistical support for the Western crusaders. What kind of interests did he expect to achieve for Japan in joining a crusade against Muslims? Thereafter, Japan – again under the leadership of Koizumi – joined the crusaders in Iraq by dispatching its “Self-Defense” Forces to support them there. Then when the mujāhidīn under the leadership of Shaykh Abū Mus’ab az- Zarqāwī (rahimahullāh) captured the Japanese crusader Shosei Koda and threatened to execute him unless Japanese forces withdrew from Iraq, Koizumi and his government arrogantly 
It was nothing save the plan of Allah from which the pagans felt secure. And so immediately the Islamic State demanded 200 million dollars from the Japanese government, the same sum initially committed to the crusaders and their apostate allies by the Japanese Prime Minister. The Khilāfah was not in need of the money and knew fully that the Japanese would never provide the sum, but it had decided – by this demand – to humiliate the arrogance of this Japanese government… a government in a line of governments enslaved by the West since the Second World War. 
After the passing of the first deadline, the Japanese prisoner Haruna Yukawa was executed while Japanese representatives rushed to the murtadd Jordanian regime. The Islamic State immediately requested for the release and transfer of Sājidah ar-Rīshāwī – a mujāhidah who was imprisoned by the Jordanian tāghūt for almost 10 years – to the lands of the Khilāfah in exchange for Kenji Goto Jogo. The Jordanian regime recklessly complicated the process for the Japanese by attempting to include their pilot in the exchange deal, but the Khilāfah explicitly refused such during the negotiations with the representative of the Jordanian tāghūt – ‘Āsim Tāhir al-Barqāwī (AKA Abū Muhammad al-Maqdisī1) – as there were other plans for the murtadd pilot. In the end, both al-Barqāwī’s murtadd client and the Japanese prisoner were executed due to the negligence of both regimes in heeding the warnings of the Islamic State. The relatives of Kenji Goto Jogo and the murtadd pilot have no one to blame but the political leaders of their lands who strive to appease and serve the American crusaders. 
When the news of the video broke out, the tāghūt of Jordan who at the time was in Washington to meet with his masters at the White House – as is the habit of the crusader puppets – cut short his trip, returned home early, and promptly ordered the execution of the mujāhidah, Sājidah ar-Rīshāwī and the mujāhid, Ziyād al- Karbūlī, both of whom had been imprisoned for nearly a decade by the murtaddīn of Jordan. The Islamic State had done everything it could to secure the release of both Sājidah and Ziyād, but Allah decreed that they would return to Him as shuhadā’, an incomparable honor which they had both desired, eagerly pursued, and supplicated their Lord for. We consider them so, and Allah is their judge. 
While the execution of Sājidah and Ziyād became the focus of international headlines, the focus for many ignorant hizbiyyīn became the manner in which the pilot was executed. Amongst them was the Jordanian Abū Sayyāf Muhammad ash- Shalabī, who stated, “The manner in which he was executed and the subsequent production of a video displaying his execution is a matter that opposes the teachings of the pure religion. Jihād was legislated to make the people enter the religion, not to make them turn away from the religion or to distort its image.”1 
This type of rhetoric is typical of hizbiyyīn – even those masquerading as supporters of the mujāhidīn – who continue to live under the authority of the murtadd puppets, and of defeatist Muslims who reside in the lands of kufr under the authority of the crusaders themselves, with no intention of making hijrah to those lands in which the word of Allah is the highest. Such people have had their religion diluted and, not surprisingly, are always amongst the first to speak out in any case where the 
In burning the crusader pilot alive and burying him under a pile of debris, the Islamic State carried out a just form of retaliation for his involvement in the crusader bombing campaign which continues to result in the killing of countless Muslims who, as a result of these airstrikes, are burned alive and buried under mountains of debris. This is not to even mention _____________ 1 Abū Sayyāf ash-Shalabī exposed the full extent of his evil when displaying his remorse for the murtadd pilot in the face of the mujāhidīn. He also fabri- cated stories about the negotiations regarding the prisoners by claiming to be involved in these negotiations, whereas the representative of the Jordanian tāghūt from the beginning was ‘Āsim Tāhir al-Barqāwī (AKA Abū Muhammad al-Maqdisī, whose campaign of lies carries on). Furthermore, ash-Shalabī shamelessly lied by claiming that the murtadd Baathist ‘Izzat ad-Dūrī and oth- er murtadd Baathists were members of the Islamic State and involved in the negotiations! So, a shameless liar – ash-Shalabī – is taken as a “jihādī mentor”! One can only say to him, “If you have no shame, then do as you wish” [Sahīh al-Bukhārī]. 
The first example: In his letter to the murtaddīn of the Arabian Peninsula during the riddah wars, Abū Bakr as-Siddīq (radiyallāhu ‘anh) threatened to burn them alive if they did not repent from their riddah. In it he states, “I have sent to you so and so [Khālid Ibn al-Walīd] with an army of the Muhājirīn, the Ansār, and their good followers, and I’ve ordered him to not fight anyone or kill anyone until he calls him to the call of Allah. Whoever answers him, accepts the truth, halts his evil, and does good, my envoy will accept this from him and will aid him in it. If he refuses, I’ve ordered him to wage war against them over such, to not spare anyone he is able to kill, to burn them alive with fire, to kill them in a severe manner using all means, to enslave their women and children, and to not accept from any one of them anything but Islam” [Tārīkh at-Tabarī; Al- Bidāyah wan-Nihāyah].2 
The second example: Likewise during his khilāfah, Abū Bakr (radiyallāhu ‘anh) gathered a number of his advisors from amongst the Sahābah and consulted them about the case of a man found guilty of committing sodomy. The one who had the most severe position was ‘Alī (radiyallāhu ‘anh) who said, “This is a sin that no nation had committed before except for one nation, and you know how Allah dealt with them. I view that we should burn him alive.” So the Sahābah agreed with his position, and Abū Bakr wrote to Khālid ordering him to burn the man alive [Al-Bayhaqī].3 
The fourth example: During the riddah wars, when Khālid Ibn al-Walīd defeated Tulayhah al- Asadī in the battle of Buzākhah, Abū Bakr wrote to him ordering him to not be lenient and to make an example out of anyone he captured from amongst the kuffār who had killed Muslims. So Khālid remained in Buzākhah for a month hunting down the murtaddīn and taking revenge for the Muslims who had been killed. Some of the murtaddīn he would burn alive, others he would stone to death, and others he would throw off the tops of mountains [Al- Bidāyah wan-Nihāyah]. 
came one day to visit Abū Mūsā and found with him a man who was chained up, so he said, “O my brother, were we sent to punish the people or were we sent to teach them and order them with what would benefit them?” So Abū Mūsā said, “He embraced Islam and then disbelieved.” So Mu’ādh said, “By He who sent Muhammad with the truth, I will not leave until I burn him with fire.” So Abū Mūsā said, “We still have some unfinished business with him.” So Mu’ādh said, “By Allah, I will never leave!” So some firewood was brought and a fire was lit, and he threw him in [Al-Mu’jam al-Kabīr – at-Tabarānī]. 
[3] Seek consultation and hold discussions, for discussion is the partner of consultation. One should sit in a gathering to exchange ideas, then each person comments on the opinions put forth by the others, or puts forth a new opinion, and at the end of the gathering the correct opinion will become clear. Allah (ta’ālā) said, {And consult them concerning the matter} [Āl ‘Imrān: 159]. Allah has directed His Prophet to consult those under him despite the Prophet’s prudent intellect. So what about you? 
And as was reported, “One who seeks consultation will have no regret, and one who prays istikhārah will not go wrong.” And it’s been said, “He who relies exclusively on his intellect will go astray, and he who is content with his own opinion will slip up, and he who consults intelligent men will take the correct path, and he who seeks the help of a man with insight will attain what is hoped for.” 
So let every leader have a true consultative council beginning with the general leader and ending with the detachment commanders. But do not consult a person who has a certain need that he is seeking to fulfill, nor a person whom you sense desires to be consulted, nor a person who doesn’t think his opinions through, for it’s been said, “Leave your opinion until it ripens.” It was reported that ‘Alī said, “The opinion of an elder is better than the view of a young man,” meaning with regards to battle. And don’t consult anyone unless he’s alone, meaning that you should consult him in private, for this ensures more secrecy and is a greater deterrent to anyone who might otherwise disclose the issue. 
1] Have sincerity towards Allah, for it will lead to salvation in the worldly life and the Hereafter. Allah’s Messenger (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) said, “Allah has guaranteed the one who performs jihād for His cause, having left his home for no reason other than to perform jihād for His cause and to affirm the truth of His words, that He would enter him into Jannah or return him back home with all the rewards he has attained or the ghanīmah he has acquired.” 
Let the goal of your deed be that the word of Allah becomes the highest, for Abū Mūsa said, “Allah’s Messenger (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) was asked about a man who fights out of bravery, out of zeal, or out of riyā’ (showing off), which of these is fighting for Allah’s cause? So Allah’s Messenger (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) said, ‘Whoever fights so that the word of Allah is the highest is fighting for Allah’s cause.’” 
2] Be just and sincere towards your subjects, for “No man is appointed to lead ten people except that he will be brought forth in shackles on the Day of Judgment, and will either be set free on account of his justice or destroyed as a result of his oppression.” Likewise, “Any leader who takes charge of the affairs of the Muslims and then doesn’t strive for them and advise them, will not enter Jannah with them.” And likewise, “Allah does not give one of His slaves leadership, who then dies having cheated his subjects, except that Allah will make Jannah prohibited for him.” 
[5] There’s nothing more destructive towards the religion and dunyā than for a leader to become unaware of the actual circumstances that his subjects are in. So don’t seclude yourself from them, for you are only a human being and you don’t know what the people are concealing from you. And beware of using security as an excuse, thereby ensuring your personal security and neglecting your subjects in the process, for what a terrible leader you would then be! 
And follow up on everything yourself even after appointing sincere and reliable individuals over areas of responsibility, for even a reliable person can betray you, and even a sincere person can deceive you, so be sure to verify things yourself. Allah (ta’ālā) says, {O Dāwūd, indeed We have made you a successor upon the Earth, so judge between the people in truth and do not follow [your own] desire, as it will lead you astray from the way of Allah} [Sād: 26]. 
limits that He has set, “For he who fights for the religion is more deserving amongst the people of being held to its rulings.” But you will not reform anything when you yourself are corrupt, nor will you guide anyone when you yourself are astray. For how can a blind man guide others, and how can a disgraceful person give honor? And there’s nothing more humiliating than the disgrace of sin, and nothing more honorable than the honor of righteousness. So keep yourself above having poor character and befriending immoral people. 
[8] Beware of standing out from others by way of the vehicle that you ride or the clothes that you wear, for indeed ‘Umar wrote to Abū Mūsā al-Ash’arī saying, “…and it has reached me that word is going around that your and your family’s clothing, food, and means of transport are of a different standard than that of the Muslims. So beware, O servant of Allah, of becoming like an animal that passes by a fertile valley and has no concern other than to fatten itself. Indeed its fatness will be what kills it. And know that if the leader goes astray, so too will his subjects. And the most wretched of people is he whose subjects are unhappy with him.” 
[9] Know that war is just as they say, its burdens lie in being patient, its axis is comprised of craftiness and good judgment, its backbone is endurance, and its reins are caution. Each of these has its fruit: the fruit of patience is support [from Allah], the fruit of craftiness is triumph, the fruit of good judgment is success, the fruit of endurance is prosperity, and the fruit of being cautious is safety. ‘Amr Ibn Ma’diyakrib (radiyallāhu ‘anh) was asked about war, so he said, “Whoever is patient in war 
[10] Put the harsh and courageous men forward against the enemy during the heat of the battle, and distribute them amongst the various detachments so that they can be a source of strength for the weak and a source of courage for the coward. Beware of letting your brothers be accompanied by one who will cause them to abandon the fight or will say things that will harm their morale. Furthermore, beware of spies, for how many small forces have defeated large forces by Allah’s permission. And don’t select the strong fighters for the battle while leaving out the weak ones who are eager to attain the rewards of Allah, for the Prophet (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) said, “And are you given victory or sustenance except through the weak amongst you?” Indeed, Allah grants victory to a people through the weakest amongst them. 
[11] Don’t neglect to take what you can of equipment, such as armor and helmets. Doing so is not cowardice, for Allah’s Messenger (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam), the bravest of all people, had armor. And this doesn’t mean you can’t fight without armor when it’s appropriate to do so. Habīb Ibn al-Muhallab said, “I have not seen any man in war wearing armor except that he was worth two men to me. And I have not seen two men going without armor except that they were worth one man to me.” A knowledgeable man heard this statement and said, “He spoke the truth! Indeed, weapons have virtue. Can’t you see that when they hear someone scream for help, they call out ‘Grab your weapons! Grab your weapons!’ not ‘Gather the men! Gather the men!’” 
[13] The leader should appoint a commander for each squad, and should inspect their vehicles, weapons and supplies, especially prior to a battle. Nothing should be taken that will become too much of a burden when the situation become serious and difficult, and nothing should be left that you will need when something breaks down or when the distance is very long, especially if the leader anticipates a long battle. 
[15] The leader must let his subjects and soldiers hear things that will strengthen them and cause them to feel that they will triumph over their enemy. He should narrate to them from the causes of victory that would make them belittle their enemy. Allah (ta’ālā) says, {(And remember) when Allah showed them to you in your dream as few; and if He had shown them to you as many, you would have lost courage and would have disputed in the matter [of whether to fight]} [Al-Anfāl: 43]. 
[19] It’s permissible for the leader of an army to let one eager for shahādah expose himself to it if the leader knows that seeing him killed will be an incitement for the Muslims to fight zealously to avenge him. The opposite is also correct; he should protect any person whose killing will break the strength of his brothers, such as a distinguished commander. For this reason, know that the center is the most fortified and furthest from the enemy. 
[21] Beware of blood. Beware of blood. Beware of shedding blood unjustly. For nothing is quicker to draw wrath or cause blessings to disappear than shedding blood unjustly. And beware of strengthening your authority and your soldiers through unlawful bloodshed, for this would be a short-term gain whose long-term consequences are weakness and helplessness. If you were to do so, you would have no acceptable excuse, neither before Allah nor before us. And by Allah, no case is reported to us involving the bloodshed of an innocent person from Ahlus-Sunnah that isn’t backed up by clear evidence of what he did to deserve his blood being shed, or supported by reasonable doubt, except that we will bring justice for the one wronged. 
Be extremely cautious of over-punishing a soldier, or of pardoning him and then regretting it. And beware of letting your harshness become repulsive, for indeed the purpose of punishment in the Sharī’ah is to bring reform, not to quench one’s thirst for revenge. Likewise, be careful not to say something when you’re angry that you won’t be able to take back, for how often does a statement say to the one who wants to speak it, “Discard me.” And don’t make your statement inconsequential, O leader, when either punishing or pardoning someone. And when punishing someone, don’t go beyond the limits that Allah has set for you through your transgression and desires, for “transgression will be darkness on the Day of Judgment.” 
[24] Know that your brothers listen and obey out of eagerness for Allah’s rewards, so their compliance is due more to their good character and adherence to the Sharī’ah, than it is due to fear of authority. So you should only discipline those whom you know will accept it due to their strong adherence to the religion. As for one whom you believe won’t be deterred by his religious commitment, then beware of punishing him. Rather, be lenient with him and win his heart, for those fittest to pardon others are those most capable of punishing them, and those who are least in worth and intelligence are those who oppress people under their authority. So be sincere towards Allah and be just towards the people as it relates to yourself, your family, and those whom you love from amongst your brothers and your subjects. Otherwise, you would be oppressing them. And whoever oppresses the servants of Allah, will have Allah as his opponent. And whoever has Allah as his opponent, will find Allah at war with him until he repents and desists. And fear the supplication of the oppressed, for there’s no screen between it and Allah, and the doors of the heavens are opened for it. And set aside an hour of your day to think carefully as to whether you’ve oppressed anyone, or whether there’s an oppressed person whom you could support. And if one wishes to hasten the anger of Allah, he should commit oppression! 
a warner, a caller to Allah, and an illuminating lamp, to warn whoever is alive and establish the proof against the kāfirīn. Allah then guided by the truth whoever answered him, and Rasūlullāh (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) struck those who turned away from Him by His permission, until they entered Islam either willingly or grudgingly. Then Allah took His Messenger (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) after he had carried out Allah’s order, sincerely advised his Ummah, and fulfilled what he was responsible for. Allah had clarified this to him and the people of Islam in the revealed book. He said, {Indeed, you are to die, and indeed, they are to die} [Az- Zumar: 30]. He also said, {And We did not grant to any man before you eternity, so if you die – would they be eternal?} [Al-Anbiyā’: 34]. He also said to the believers, {Muhammad is not but a messenger. Messengers have passed on before him. So if he were to die or be killed, would you turn back on your heels? And he who turns back on his heels will never harm Allah at all; and Allah will reward the grateful} [Āl ‘Imrān: 144]. So whoever worships Muhammad, then let him know that Muhammad has died. And whoever worships Allah alone, who has no partner, then let him know that Allah is ever watchful of him. He is living and eternal; He does not die. Neither tiredness nor sleep overtakes Him. He guards His religion and exacts revenge upon His enemy. I advise you with taqwā of Allah, your duty towards Allah, and what your Prophet (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) came with. And I advise you to take as guidance his guidance and grasp the religion of Allah, for anyone 
whom Allah does not guide is deviant, anyone whom He does not decree wellbeing for is afflicted, and anyone whom Allah does not aid is abandoned. So whomever Allah guides is guided and whomever He leaves astray is deviant. Allah (ta’ālā) said, {He whom Allah guides is the guided, but he whom He leaves astray – never will you find for him a protecting guide} [Al-Kahf: 17], and no deed will be accepted from him in the Dunyā until he accepts Him. And no repentance or ransom will be accepted from him in the Hereafter. It has reached me that some of you turned back from their religion after accepting Islam and acting in accordance with it, out of delusion about Allah, ignorance of His affair, and in response to Shaytān. Allah (ta’ālā) said, {And [mention] when We said to the angels, “Prostrate to Ādam,” and they prostrated, except for Iblīs. He was of the jinn and departed from the command of his Lord. Then will you take him and his descendants as allies other than Me while they are enemies to you? Wretched it is for the wrongdoers as an exchange} [Al-Kahf: 50]. And He said, {Indeed, Shaytān is an enemy to you; so take him as an enemy. He only invites his party to be among the companions of the Blaze} [Fātir: 6]. I have sent to you so and so [Khālid Ibn al-Walīd] with an army of the Muhājirīn, the Ansār, and their good followers, and I’ve ordered him to not fight anyone or kill anyone until he calls him to the call of Allah. Whoever answers him, accepts the truth, halts his evil, and does good, my envoy will accept this from him and will aid him in it. If he refuses, I’ve ordered him to wage war against them over their refusal, to not spare anyone he is able to kill, to burn them alive with fire, to kill them in a severe manner using all means, to enslave their women and children, and to not accept from any one of them anything but Islam. Whoever follows it, then it is best for him. And whoever leaves it, then he cannot incapacitate Allah. I’ve ordered my envoy to read this message in every gathering of yours and the signal is the adhān. [I’ve said to my army] if the Muslims perform adhān and they [the apostates] do not perform adhān, then rush to kill them. And if they [the apostates] perform adhān, then restrain yourselves from attacking them until you ask them to deliver what is obligatory upon them [the zakāh]. If they refuse, then rush to kill them. If they agree, it will be accepted from them, and my envoy will make them carry out their duties. 
As for my message to Doctor Muhammad Morsi, then I say to him: first of all, I ask Allah to relieve you of your suffering, guide your heart, and rectify for you your religion and worldly affair. I also ask Allah to keep your heart firm, fill your heart with certainty, faith, and firmness, so that you support His religion and law without fear or compromise, and that He bestows you with adherence to the statement of al-Mustafā (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam), “The best jihād is a word of truth in front of an unjust ruler” and his statement (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam), “The leader of martyrs is Hamzah Ibn ‘Abdil-Muttalib and a man who confronts an unjust ruler, orders him with good, and prohibits him from evil, and so the ruler kills him.” And I advise you while sincerely directing this advice towards you and hoping for your guidance, success, and firmness. So I say, you dealt with the secularists and assented to them, with the crusaders and conceded to them, with the Americans and gave them guarantees, with the Israelis and recognized the submissive treaties with them, with Mubārak’s army who were raised upon American aid and you assented to them, and 
with the floggers from the Interior Ministry and assured them. So what was the result? Today you are in a great tribulation. Either you hold on to the truth without wavering or budging, and so you demand for the rule of the Sharī’ah clearly, refuse the corrupt judiciary, secularist laws, and secularist constitution, insist upon liberating every hand-span of the occupied lands of Islam, refuse to recognize any treaty or agreement that abandons those lands, and promise your Lord that you will openly declare the truth His law obligates upon you, and that you do not abandon so even slightly. Then, I give you good tidings that you will be a hero of this Ummah, and one of its eminent symbols and great leaders. The Ummah will amass in Egypt and the Islamic world behind you in its battle with its enemies. If Allah takes you while you are sincere upon this condition, then have good tidings of a good ending and great reward in your afterlife. So fear Allah regarding yourself, your party, and the masses of the Ummah in Egypt and the rest of the Islamic world who look towards you, waiting to see what you will do. So do not be slack in supporting the religion and raising the rule of the Sharī’ah. Remember the stance of the Imām of Ahlus-Sunnah, Ahmad Ibn Hanbal (rahimahullāh) when he refused to turn back from the truth, so Allah kept the Ummah firm by him thereafter. And if you continue on in what you are currently upon, then Allah knows best how you will end up. I ask Allah for me, you, and the rest of the Muslims uprightness upon His religion until we meet Him while He is pleased with us. 
[At-Taharrur min Dā’irat al-‘Abath wal-Fashal]1 _____________ 1 This deviant message was released in Rabī’ al-Awwal 1435 (January 2014), six months after Morsi’s arrest and shortly after the launch of the Sahwah in Shām. Where was the so-called “wisdom” in sending this feeble plea to the imprisoned murtadd? Even worse, where is the so-called “wisdom” in attributing Islam to the tāghūt who ruled by manmade law and supported the Christian crusaders (AMISOM) against the mujāhidīn in Somalia and the murtadd Egyptian army against the mujāhidīn of Sinai! 
There is a slogan repeated continuously by apologetic “du’āt” when flirting with the West and that is their statement: “Islam is the religion of peace,” and they mean pacifism1 by the word peace. They have repeated this slogan so much to the extent that some of them alleged that Islam calls to permanent peace with kufr and the kāfirīn. How far is their claim from the truth, for Allah has revealed Islam to be the religion of the sword, and the evidence for this is so profuse that only a zindīq (heretic) would argue otherwise. 
sent with four swords: a sword for the mushrikīn, {And when the sacred months have passed, then kill the mushrikīn wherever you find them} _____________ 1 Pacifism was first propagated in the Muslim world by dajjālīn (liars claiming prophethood) who called to a nullification of jihād. The most notorious of these dajjālīn was Ghulām Ahmad Qādiyānī. Their calls were supported by the British crusaders, as the British knew that jihād was a threat to the stability and expansion of their empire. These calls were later followed by modern- ist “reinterpretations” of jihād. The modernists called to the abandonment of violence and terrorism. They censured jihād against the apostates. They censured defensive jihād by claiming the Ummah was in the Makkī era. They distorted offensive jihād to mean “pre-emptive” defensive jihād… Some of these “reinterpretations” eventually found their way into the language of ji- hād claimants including Husām ‘Abdur-Ra’ūf (current member of the central al-Qā’idah top leadership and author of the infamous book “If I Were in the Place of Morsi and Sat on the Kursī [Throne]”), as he said, “It is necessary to change the name of the [Egyptian] Department of Defense because Islam does not recognize defensive jihād alone, but rather it is sometimes necessary to attack and wage a pre-emptive war to bury transgression alive while it’s still in the cradle. So let its name be the Department of War and Peace” [Law Kuntu Makāna Mursī]. 
[At-Tawbah: 5], a sword for Ahlul-Kitāb, {Fight those who do not believe in Allah or in the Last Day and who do not consider unlawful what Allah and His Messenger have made unlawful and who do not adopt the religion of truth from those who were given the Book – [fight them] until they give the jizyah willingly while they are humbled} [At-Tawbah: 29], a sword for the munāfiqīn, {O Prophet, fight against the kuffār and the munāfiqīn} [At-Tawbah: 73], and a sword for the bughāt (rebellious aggressors), {Then fight against the group that commits baghy (aggression) until it returns to the ordinance of Allah} [Al-Hujurāt: 9]” [Tafsīr Ibn Kathīr]. 
He also revealed the sword against the apostates, {O you who have believed, whoever of you should revert from his religion – Allah will bring forth a people He will love and who will love Him [who are] humble toward the believers, mighty against the disbelievers; they strive in the cause of Allah and do not fear the blame of a critic} [Al-Mā’idah: 54]. This verse is a fundamental basis for the obligation to fight against the apostate parties. At-Tabarī reported in his tafsīr that amongst the Salaf, ‘Alī Ibn Abī Tālib, Qatādah, al-Hasan al-Basrī, ad-Dahhāk, and Ibn Jurayj said this verse encompassed Abū Bakr (Allah’s sword against apostasy), his companions (radiyallāhu ‘anhum), and their war against the apostates – the followers of Musaylamah al-Kadhdhāb and those who resisted the obligation of zakāh. 
Allah (ta’ālā) also sent down iron alongside the revelation to consolidate His religion by the sword forged with iron. He (ta’ālā) said, {We have sent Our messengers with clear evidences and sent down with them the Scripture and the balance that the people may maintain [their affairs] in justice. And We sent down iron, wherein is great military might and benefits for the people, and so that Allah may make evident those believing in the unseen who support Him and His messengers. Indeed, Allah is Powerful and Exalted in Might} [Al-Hadīd: 25]. 
Allah (ta’ālā) also described what should be struck with the sword, {Remember when your Lord revealed to the angels, “I am with you, so strengthen those who have believed. I will cast terror into the hearts of those who disbelieved, so strike [them] upon the necks and strike from them every fingertip”} [Al-Anfāl: 12]. He (ta’ālā) also said, {So when you meet those who disbelieve, strike their necks until, when you have inflicted slaughter upon them, then secure their bonds, and either [confer] favor afterwards or ransom [them] until the war lays down its burdens} [Muhammad: 4]. 
“I mentioned before in previously discussed principles that Islam – the religion of Allah with which He revealed His books and sent His messengers – is that the slave yuslim (submits) to Allah, the Lord of the creation, and thus, he yastaslim (submits) to Allah alone without giving Him partners and that he be sālim (purely) for Him, in that he worships Him while not worshipping other than Him, as is made clear by the best word and the head of Islam lā ilāha illallāh. And it has two opposites: kibr and shirk. For this reason, it was reported that Nūh (‘alayhis-salām) ordered his children with lā ilāha illallāh and subhānallāh and forbade them from kibr and shirk [Reported by Imām Ahmad on the authority of ‘Abdullāh Ibn ‘Amr], as in a hadith I mentioned elsewhere. Indeed, the one who abstains due to arrogance from worshipping Allah does not worship Him, so he 
“The word ‘Islam’ can be used in two ways, transitively, as in His statement, {And who is better in religion than one who aslama (submits) himself to Allah while being a doer of good} [An- Nisā’: 125], and His statement, {I have aslamtu (submitted) myself to Allah, and so have those who follow me. And say to those who were given the Scripture and to the unlearned, “Have you aslamtum (submitted)?” And if they aslamū (submit), they are rightly guided; but _____________ 2 See, for example, the second hadīth on the Hikmah pages of this issue; some of the Salaf interpreted the sword in the hadīth to refer to Abū Bakr’s jihād against the apostates. Also, know that jihād is the salvation from fitnah and evil for two reasons: first, it is the means to destroy the greatest fitnah and evil – shirk – in accordance with the statement of Allah (ta’ālā), {And fight them until there is no fitnah and [until] the religion, all of it, is for Allah} [Al-Anfāl: 39]; second, through it, the slave is busied with fighting the kāfirīn – including the apostates – instead of baghy (aggression) and khurūj (rebellion) against Jamā’at al-Muslimīn (the Khilāfah). 
4 Bush (the son) said, “The face of terror is not the true faith of Islam. That’s not what Islam is all about. Islam is peace. These terrorists don’t represent peace. They represent evil and war.” Obama and Kerry later mimicked Bush and stated that the Islamic State was “un-Islamic” because of its usage of violence. The origin for this isnād (chain of transmission) of falsehood is prob- ably one of the apostate “religious advisors” who visit the White House and claim to represent Islam and the Muslims while clapping in support of the American declarations of war against Islam. May Allah expose the hypocrites and heretics. 
5 Similarly, the zanādiqah distorted the meaning of lā ilāha illallāh to mean “there is no creator but Allah,” and they thereby falsely ascribed themselves to Islam while worshipping the dead, forgetting that the Arab mushrikīn whom the Prophet (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) fought did not dispute that Allah is the sole creator of the creation. Rather – while acknowledging that Allah is the only creator – they worshipped intermediaries by seeking shirkī interces- sion from them. As for the shahādah (testimony) of tawhīd, then it means, “There is none worthy of worship and obedience except Allah.” Shaykhul-Is- lām Ibn Taymiyyah said that “the ilāh is what is worshipped and obeyed” and that the shahādah “contains an affirmation of Him alone having ilāhiyyah (the worthiness of worship). And ilāhiyyah entails the completeness of His knowl- edge, power, mercy, and wisdom. Thus, it entails His goodness to the slaves. So the ilāh is what is ma’lūh, and the ma’lūh is what deserves worship. The fact that He deserves to be worshipped is because of what He is described with of attributes necessitating Him to be loved with the utmost love and sub- mitted to with the utmost submission. Worship entails the utmost love with the utmost submission” [Taysīr al-‘Azīz al-Hamīd – Sulaymān Āl ash-Shaykh]. 
if they turn away – then upon you is only the duty of notification. And Allah is Seeing of the servants} [Āl ‘Imrān: 20], and his statement (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) in the du’ā’ before sleep, ‘I aslamtu (have submitted) myself to You’ [Reported by al-Bukhārī and Muslim on the authority of al-Barā’ Ibn ‘Āzib]. It is also used intransitively, as in His statement, {When his Lord said to him, aslim (submit), he said “I aslamtu (have submitted) to the Lord of the worlds”} [Al-Baqarah: 131]. And it encompasses two meanings, the first is obedience and submission; the second is dedicating that sincerely to Him alone, as in His statement, {Allah presents an example: a slave owned by quarreling partners and another salam (purely) for one man – are they equal in comparison? Praise be to Allah! But most of them do not know} [Az-Zumar: 29]. Its incarnation is the statement lā ilāha illallāh” [Al-Īmān al-Awsat]. 
the mustaslim (submitter) to Allah. It has also been said he is the mukhlis (sincere one).’ The reality is that the Muslim is he who gathers both meanings in himself, for whoever does not yastaslim (submit) to Him, is not a Muslim, and whoever istaslam (submitted) to other than Him as he does for Him, is not a Muslim. Whoever istaslam (submitted) to Him alone is a Muslim, as in the Qur’ān, {Yes, whoever aslama (submits) his face to Allah while being a doer of good will have his reward with his Lord. And no fear will there be concerning them, nor will they grieve} [Al-Baqarah: 112]” [An-Nubūwāt].6 
“Rather Islam is istislām (submission) to Allah alone. The word Islam entails istislām and dedicating such sincerely to Allah. More than one scholar has mentioned this including the specialists in Arabic such as Abū Bakr Ibn al- Anbārī and others. Some of the commentators have considered these two meanings to be two different interpretations, as a group of them including al-Baghawī said, ‘The Muslim is 
It is clear then that salām (peace) is not the basis of the word Islam, although it shares the same consonant root (s-l-m) and is one of _____________ 6 This discussion also makes it clear why a person who ignorantly practices any major shirk or totally abandons practice of the religion’s other four pillars (prayer, zakāh, siyām, and hajj) can never be considered Muslim, and that is because the very basis of Islam is sincerity and submission. So if someone commits major shirk, he is a mushrik. And if he totally abandons practice of the four pillars, he is a kāfir. And the Salaf did not differ on this, although they differed over the minimum degree of adherence to the four pillars required – whether altogether or each pillar on its own – for one to still be considered a Muslim. Also, they agreed that the absolute abandonment of the four pillars is more severe than the mere commitment of sins (murder, fornication, theft, etc.), because such sins in and of themselves are never major kufr, but the absolute abandonment of the four pillars is different. The famous scholar of the Salaf, Sufyān Ibn ‘Uyaynah (rahimahullāh), was asked about irjā’, so he replied, “The murji’ah say that īmān (faith) is a statement. And we say it is statements and actions. The murji’ah obliged Jannah for one who testifies lā ilāha illallāh while he resolves in his heart to abandon the obligations [the four pillars]. They called abandonment of the obligations a sin just like any other sin, although they are not equal, for committing sins without istihlāl (consid- ering the sin to be halāl) is merely sinful, whereas abandoning the obligations [the four pillars] intentionally without ignorance or excuse is kufr” [As-Sunnah by ‘Abdullāh Ibn Ahmad Ibn Hanbal]. The sincerity and submission defining Islam together are the manifestation of lā ilāha illallāh – there is none worthy of worship and obedience except Allah (see footnote #5). 
“And the venom of every venomous creature will be removed, to the point that a newborn boy will place his hand in the mouth of a snake and it will not harm him. A newborn girl will make a lion flee and it will not harm her. The wolf will be amongst sheep like their guard dog. The Earth will be filled with peace just as a jar is filled with water. The word will be one – no one will be worshipped but Allah. And war will lay down its burdens” [Reported by Ibn Mājah on the authority of Abū Umāmah]. 
“Then, it will be said to the earth, let your fruits grow and yield your blessings. On that day, a group will eat from a single pomegranate and take shade under its bowl-shaped peel. Milk will be blessed so much so that the young female camel will suffice a very large group of people, and a young female cow will suffice a tribe of people, and a young female sheep will suffice a clan of people” [Reported by Muslim on the authority of an-Nawwās Ibn Sam’ān]. 
Thereafter, swords will rest from war only to be used as sickles [Reported by Imām Ahmad on the authority of Abū Hurayrah]. But until then, parties of kāfirīn will continue to be struck down by the unsheathed sword of Islam – except for those who enter into īmān (Islamic faith) or amān7 – for there will always be a party of Muslims fighting parties of kāfirīn until there is no more fitnah and the religion is completely for Allah alone. _____________ 7 Amān includes the condition of dhimmah granted to those from Ahlul-Kitāb residing in the Muslim state if they pay jizyah. It can include an impermanent truce (like the Hudaybiyah Treaty) between the Muslim state and some kāfir states. It can also include a grant of safe passage from Muslims to individual kāfirīn so that they may temporarily enter dārul-Islām. 
The Khalīfah Ibrāhīm al-Qurashī (hafidhahullāh) said when describing the harsh state of affairs before his first address to the Ummah, after the shahādah of Abū ‘Umar al-Baghdādī (rahimahullāh), “This came at a grave moment during the peak of hardships and difficulties, the harshest of tremors and crises, the forefront of which was the killing of the greatest leaders and symbols of jihād, those who lit the path for us by their efforts, contribution, and sacrifices, by their blood, skulls, and corpses … Amongst them was the shahīd of Islam – as we consider him – the imām and sayyid of his era, Abū ‘Abdillāh Usāmah Ibn Lādin, the pride of the Ummah and the crown of its new era” [Wa Ya’ballāhu illā An Yutimma Nūrah – And Allah Refuses but to Perfect His Light]. 
The official spokesman of the Khilāfah, Shaykh Abū Muhammad al-‘Adnānī (hafidhahullāh), said, “Rest assured, O soldiers of the Islamic State, for we – by Allah’s permission – will carry on upon the manhaj of the imām Shaykh Usāmah, the amīr of the istishhādīyīn Abū Mus’ab az-Zarqāwī, the founder of the State Abū ‘Umar al-Baghdādī, and its war minister Abū Hamzah al-Muhājir. We will never alter nor change until we taste what they tasted” [This Was Never Our Manhaj nor Will It Ever Be]. 
the article titled “Al-Qā’idah of Waziristan – A Testimony from Within” according to their hizbī whims, although its contributor, the muhājir from Waziristan, Abū Jarīr ash-Shamālī was explicit in that his criticism of al-Qā’idah referred to adh-Dhawāhirī’s reverting of the Tandhīm to former mistakes that had been corrected by Shaykh Usāmah (rahimahullāh). Thus, adh- Dhawāhirī had abandoned the pure heritage left by Shaykh Usāmah (rahimahullāh) for the Muslim Ummah when he was martyred. 
MURTADD: We had a Jewish neighbor who worked as a police officer. He came one day and asked me to work with Israeli intelligence. I told him that I’d think about it, and then went and asked my father and brother what they thought. They both encouraged me to do it and told me that it was a very good job. They told me that there was a lot of money in it, and that you could advance to higher positions. I knew at that point that they themselves were work- ing as spies. 
MURTADD: Yes, they sent me to a training camp in East Jerusalem – ‘Anatawt Training Camp. That’s where I began my training. I went through a training course on self-control and on how to survive an interrogation. I also did a training course on information extraction – how to get information out of people. They also gave me weapons training. I attended the training camp for one month and completed my training. 
I was doing and the help I was providing. He told me to continue on this path so that I could eventually work with them. My father and my brother also began thanking me and telling me that I would get better and better, and kept en- couraging me further. Then he left. The next time he came, he said they wanted me to work with them and come and meet with them. I agreed. He said he would call us. He called me afterwards and said to come and see him at the office. I went to the office and met him. I sat down and he began asking me questions. He asked me how many languages I knew, what kinds of jobs I used to do in my country, and if I would be able to take care of myself if they planted me in the midst of some people whom I didn’t know, and asked me how I would han- dle myself in such a situation. Then he said that they wanted me to carry out a big mission. They wanted to send me to Syria. I asked him what I would be doing in Syria. He said they wanted to send me to the Islamic State and have me send back information about them. 
MURTADD: Not long after I had arrived I be- gan acting in a manner that wasn’t typical of a muhājir despite the training I had received from the Mossad. I also failed to follow some orders that my amīr had given me, and then became worried that as a result he had be- come suspicious of me. I was afraid I would be punished for not listening and obeying as was required of me and possibly be monitored thereafter. So I went and called my father and told him what had happened, and he told me to come back, but it was too late, as I was being watched. The mujāhidīn put me in prison and moved me from one prison to another. During the interrogations, I confessed that I was a spy working as an agent for the Israeli Mossad, and confessed to the things that I had done in my country. 
MURTADD: Firstly, they wanted me to tell them the places where their weapons and missiles were being stored. Secondly, the locations of their bases, and thirdly, the names of any Pal- estinians who made hijrah to the Islamic State from Palestine. They also made it clear that I shouldn’t start working or contacting them until I’d completed the training camp and shar’ī semi- nar, and had been assigned to a detachment and begun to be trusted. They also said that I should contact them once I’d completed the training 
This month, the soldiers of the Khilāfah in Wilāyat Tarābulus captured 21 Coptic crusaders, almost five years after the blessed operation against the Baghdad church executed in revenge for Kamilia Shehata, Wafa Constantine, and other sisters who were tortured and murdered by the Coptic Church of Egypt. The operation was planned by Hudhayfah al-Battāwī (rahimahullāh), wālī of Wilāyat Baghdad at the time, alongside the senior military commander, Abū Ibrāhīm az- Zaydī (rahimahullāh), both of whom played a crucial role – through their passion and zealousness – in preserving the morale of the 
Islamic State mujāhidīn after the martyrdom of Abū ‘Umar al-Baghdādī and Abū Hamzah al-Muhājir (rahimahumallāh). At the time, the Islamic State was distant from Egypt and so could not easily target the Coptic crusaders there, but its leadership knew that despite the worldly and sectarian animosity of the kuffār – as groups and individuals – towards each other, {Their adversity among themselves is severe. You think they are together, but their hearts are diverse. That is because they are a people who do not reason} [Al-Hashr: 14], the different kuffār still have allegiance to each other in the face of Islam, {And those who disbelieved are allies of one another. If you do not do so, there will be fitnah on earth and great corruption} [Al-Anfāl: 73]. {O you who have believed, do not take the Jews and the Christians as allies. They are allies of one another} [Al-Mā’idah: 51]. 
‘Azzām al-Amrīkī’s strange attitude towards the Christians was similarly expressed by Ayman adh-Dhawāhirī when he said, “I want to restate our position towards the Coptic Christians. We do not want to get into a war with them because we are busy in the battle against the greatest enemy of the Ummah [America] and because they are our partners in this nation, partners whom we wish to live with in peace and stability” [Risālat al-Amal wal-Bishr – Part 8]. So while the Islamic State targeted the Catholics in revenge for the sisters imprisoned by the Copts, ‘Azzām al-Amrīkī’s commander was wooing the war-waging Copts themselves with feeble words, forgetting, {Muhammad is the Messenger of Allah; and those with him are harsh against the disbelievers, merciful among themselves} [Al-Fath: 29], and {O you who have believed, whoever of you should 
And so, five years after the blessed operation in Iraq, Allah (ta’ālā) granted the Islamic State expansion to Libya, Sinai, and elsewhere, allowing it to easily capture the Coptic crusaders – the followers of the dead Shenouda and the supporters of the tāghūt Sisi – as the Salaf said, “The reward for a good deed is another good deed.” And thus, the Islamic State strikes terror directly in the hearts of the Copts after striking terror in the hearts of their Catholic allies before, while the jihād claimants and hizbiyyīn sit back and deliberate – in vain – on what they can do to prevent the further expansion of the Khilāfah… 
jihād claimants who see nothing wrong with making du’ā’ for the tawāghīt waging war against the Muslims. The declaration of this Pakistani soldier’s riddah and his subsequent execution are both matters that these jihād claimants would deem extremely problematic given their deviant and feeble stance towards the Pakistani army, which is precisely what has led them to soften their “jihād” against the Pakistani tāghūt, allowing him to just walk in and capture entire areas of Waziristan. A similar scenario occurred in Yemen when the local branch of al-Qā’idah, deeming it incorrect to make takfīr of the 
Rāfidī Houthis on an individual level, allowed their softened stance on matters of īmān and kufr to get in the way of properly defending the lives and lands of the Muslims. The result? Yemen’s largest city was blitzed by the Houthis and captured in one fell swoop, placing the lives of countless Muslims under the authority of a people whose religion it is to slander and abuse the wives and companions of Rasūlullāh (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam). Ironic that these jihād claimants were previously reluctant to make takfīr of the filthy Rāfidah, knowing that these same Rāfidah do not hesitate to make takfīr of Rasūlullāh’s companions (radiyallāhu ‘anhum). 
against the Islamic State, and the war waged against it by those both close and distant, we bring the mujāhidīn the good news of the Islamic State’s expansion to Khurāsān. Indeed, the mujāhidīn from amongst the soldiers of the Khilāfah have fulfilled the conditions and met the requirements for the declaration of Wilāyat Khurāsān. They have announced their bay’ah to Amīrul-Mu’minīn (may Allah preserve him) Khalīfah Ibrāhīm, and he has accepted it and appointed the noble Shaykh Hāfidh Sa’īd Khān (may Allah preserve him) as the Wālī of Wilāyat Khurāsān, and appointed as his deputy the noble Shaykh ‘Abdur-Ra’ūf Khādim Abū Talhah (may Allah preserve him)” [Say, “Die In Your Rage!”]. 
Shaykh al-‘Adnānī’s mention of the conditions and requirements for this declaration is a reference to the process that must be followed by the jamā’āt of any distant region in order to officially be recognized as a wilāyah of the Islamic State. This process includes documenting their bay’āt, unifying the jamā’āt who have given bay’ah, holding consultations to nominate a wālī and members for the regional shūrā assembly, planning a strategy to achieve consolidation in their region for the Khilāfah so as to implement the Sharī’ah, and presenting all this to the Islamic State leadership for approval. The policy of the Islamic State is known; it calls the Muslims in every corner of the world to give bay’ah to the Khalīfah, and does not reject the bay’ah of any Muslim group or individual. Furthermore, it does not give any person or group permission to announce a wilāyah or present themselves as officials representing the Islamic State leadership until the aforementioned process has concluded. This same process is currently underway for the region of Qawqāz, as well as other regions whose announcements of expansion will – bi idhnillāh – bring further joy to the Muslims, as was the case with Wilāyat Khurāsān and the wilāyāt announced before it. 
Through their bay’ah to the Khalīfah, the mujāhidīn of Khurāsān hastened to fulfill their duty of clinging to the Jamā’ah of the Muslims and their Imām. In doing so, they were faced with hostility from the fitnah-makers in the region, who began fighting them earlier when they first declared their loyalty to Amīrul-Mu’minīn as individual factions before gathering together to form the wilāyah. These fitnah-makers began fabricating lies about them and inciting the ignorant masses against them, as occurred before in both Iraq and Shām. They claimed that the Islamic State was a takfīrī, foreign entity that opposed their fiqhī madhhab. 
Qawqāz when they recently announced their bay’ah to Amīrul-Mu’minīn; they were criticized by those in Qawqāz blinded by their fear of losing leadership and power1. These individuals preferred to remain upon division and disunity, rather than closing ranks and strengthening the Jamā’ah of the Muslims and their Imām thereby preserving and even multiplying their own strength, courage, and capabilities in the process. 
The bay’ah of the Qawqāzī mujāhidīn – like that of the Khurāsānī mujāhidīn – was something that had been long-awaited by many within their own ranks. Many of them had long been supportive of the Islamic State and were waiting on their leadership to give bay’ah once the Khilāfah had been announced. When they saw, however, that their leadership had no intention of giving bay’ah, they resolved to fulfill this obligation themselves without fearing the blame of any critics. 
As such, the majority of the mujāhid divisions in both Dagestan (including Rabbanikala, Tabasaran, the Southern Region, Lezgistan, Babayurt, Khasavyurt, Shamil Kaminsk, Kizlyar, and others) and Chechnya (Nokhchicho) declared their bay’ah, along with a number of other mujāhid divisions located across other regions of Qawqāz. _____________ 1 An example of this power-hungry criticism is a bayān recently released by these same fitnah-makers and endorsed by signatories who claimed that establishing Islamic states and emirates is a complete waste of time and ef- fort as long as America is powerful! Thereby, the signatories nullified their own support for the former emirates in Chechnya and Afghanistan… They also contradicted both Shaykh Usāmah and Shaykh ‘Atiyyah (rahimahumallāh) – to whom they attributed this flawed notion – knowing that both of them, on numerous occasions, had publicly called the Muslims and mujāhidīn of Iraq to give bay’ah to the Islamic State. Worse yet, the signatories forgot that Rasūlullāh (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) established his state – by relying upon Allah alone – while surrounded by the mushrikīn of the Arabian Peninsula and the superpowers of the time: the Roman Empire and the Persian Empire! 
As the news of bay’āt continue to pour in from around the world, the unity of the Muslims upon the truth is further consolidated and the camp of kufr and nifāq is further weakened. Indeed, there are words that were spoken by the mujāhidīn of Libya upon announcing their bay’ah to the Khalīfah that are worthy of being written in gold. They stated, “We pledged allegiance because there is no cure for differing other than the Khilāfah. Likewise, we call every Muslim towards this good, for indeed, it is even more infuriating for the enemies of Allah. By Allah, our rallying under one leader is harder on the enemies of Allah than a thousand victories on the battlefield.” The lessons to be noted here are that, firstly, there is no solution – neither shar’ī nor qadarī – to the problem of multiple banners except for all groups to unite behind a Qurashī man who openly declares his īmān in Allah and his rejection of tāghūt, and wages jihād to raise high the word of Allah. Secondly, such unity is more terrifying for the kuffār than for the Muslims to achieve countless, successive victories on the battlefield against their 
With the announcement of new wilāyāt in various regions of the world, the mujāhidīn gain further momentum in their war against the armies of kufr, but this momentum is also met with tribulations that test their firmness, resolve, and sincerity. Indeed, it would be foolish to think that one’s enemies would simply sit back and watch indifferently as such developments continued to occur. Rather, the crusaders could only be expected to intensify their efforts to stop the Islamic State’s expansion, and this would only mean an increase in their transgression against Islam and the Muslims, and a heightened level of aggression in their attempts to curb the successes of the mujāhidīn. As such, Shaykh Abū 
The mujāhidīn of Khurāsān are up to it. The mujāhidīn of Qawqāz are up to it. The mujāhidīn of Iraq, Shām, Sinai, the Arabian Peninsula, Yemen, Libya, and Algeria are up to it. The mujāhidīn walking in the midst of the crusaders – in their homelands and on their streets – are up to it. Allah has soldiers in every land who are up to it, ready to fight and terrorize the crusaders wherever they find them in defense of their Khilāfah. 
in their own homes. Shaykh Abū Muhammad al- ‘Adnānī said, “Likewise, we renew our call to the muwahhidīn in Europe and the disbelieving West and everywhere else, to target the crusaders in their own lands and wherever they are found. We will argue, before Allah, against any Muslim who has the ability to shed a single drop of crusader blood but does not do so, whether with an explosive device, a bullet, a knife, a car, a rock, or even a boot or a fist. Indeed, you saw what a single Muslim did with Canada and its parliament of shirk, and what our brothers in France, Australia, and Belgium did – may Allah have mercy upon them all and reward them with good on behalf of Islam. And there were many others who killed, ran others over, threatened, frightened, and terrorized people, to the extent that we saw the crusader armies deployed on the streets in Australia, Canada, France, Belgium, and other strongholds of the cross to whom we promise – by Allah’s permission – a continuation of their state of alert, terror, fear, and loss of security. And what lies ahead will be worse – with Allah’s permission – and more bitter, for you haven’t seen anything from us just yet” [Say, “Die In Your Rage!”]. 
They made this choice after seeing through the lies being propagated by their respective groups against the Islamic State. As one of the repentant brothers declared, “We used to say that Amīrul-Mu’minīn is a person whose identity was unknown, but now his lineage and identity have been made public, and everyone – near and far – knows who he is. So what are we waiting for? We used to say that we don’t know the methodology of the Islamic State and that its methodology is hidden. The Islamic State, however, has declared Islam as its law, religion, and methodology. It has implemented the hudūd, waged jihād for the cause of Allah, and raised the banner of truth. It does not differentiate between an amīr and a faqīr (a 
“Many of the leaders in Jabhah try to scare their fighters saying, ‘They [the Islamic State] will kill you. They will do this. They will do that’ so they can prevent them from coming here [to the Islamic State]. So I advise everyone in Jabhat an-Nusrah, and in particular those young men whom I trained, to join the ranks of the Islamic State, because it is upon the truth, for it implements the Sharī’ah of Allah, carries out the hudūd, and enjoins good and forbids evil. 
Even as the deviant factions in Shām continue to wage war against the Khilāfah, at times coordinating their efforts with the communist PKK, scores of fighters from within the Sahwah and the Jawlānī Front continue to abandon their misguided mission only to join the Islamic State. One of the latest instances of this scenario occurred recently when dozens of fighters from “Ahrār ash-Shām” and “Jabhat an-Nusrah” came and joined the Islamic State after repenting from their past affiliation with these groups. 
Of the above-mentioned points, the Islamic State’s implementation of the Sharī’ah is one of the main points that sticks like a thorn for many in the ranks of the deviant factions who continue to hear the echoes of the Islamic fitrah within their conscience. They can’t reconcile the fact that the banners under which they fight, despite appearing to be Islamic in nature, are waging war against the only entity in Shām actively implementing Allah’s Sharī’ah. 
The battle on the Sinai and Libyan fronts was recently intensified as the soldiers of the Islam- ic State carried out multiple operations that shattered any hope or confidence the crusad- ers could have in their murtadd puppets main- taining control in the face of the Khilāfah’s ex- pansion. In Libya’s Wilāyat Tarābulus, an assault took place in the Corinthia Hotel – known to house the murtadd “prime minister,” Omar 
These strikes coincided with a number of as- saults on numerous security checkpoints in the areas of al-‘Arīsh, Shaykh Zuwayd, and Rafah. The coordinated attacks, part of a string of op- erations dubbed “We Swear We Will Take Re- venge,” led to the killing and wounding of hun- dreds of murtadd soldiers – including multiple high-ranking officers – and the destruction of a number of police and military facilities. 
The soldiers of Wilāyat Saynā’, meanwhile, car- ried out widespread and simultaneous attacks against Sisi’s murtadd army in three different cities in the Sinai region. The attacks involved over 100 mujāhidīn armed with light, medi- um, and heavy weapons, as well as explosives and mortars. They included a strike carried out against the 101st Brigades in al-‘Arīsh using a truck carrying multiple tons of explosives, fol- lowed by two more istishhādī vehicles used to strike the Security Quarter, which encompasses the Security Administration, National Security, Military Intelligence, and the Armed Forces bar- racks. This was then followed by two inghimā- siyyīn armed with light weapons and explosive belts. 
With the advent of the “sexual revolution” five decades ago, the West was plunged into a downward spiral of sexual deviance and immorality. With it came a whole slew of sexually transmitted diseases – including the as yet incurable AIDS – as men and women let their lusts overwhelm their judgment and lead them to engage in fornication and “experiment” with a myriad of shaytānī methods of fulfilling their desires. 
industry to mock and belittle those against the sexually deviant fringe, used their shirk-based parliaments to legalize sodomite marriage, used their education system to corrupt their children right from the kindergarten level by introducing books into the curriculum to combat “homophobia,” and used their churches and clergy to bless these sins via “revisionism.” Examples of this included the anointment of sodomite priests, the Catholic Pope’s refusal to “sit in judgment” of sodomite priests saying, “Who am I to judge?” and the publishing of articles that argue against their own traditional understanding of the distorted scriptures, such as claiming that the people of Sodom were destroyed for their cruelty and arrogance, and not for their sodomy. last tactic 
This was demonstrated recently in Wilāyat Ar- Raqqah, where the Islamic State carried out the hadd on a man found guilty of engaging in sodomy. He was taken to the top of a building and thrown off, as was one of the traditions of the noble companion Abū Bakr as-Siddīq (radiyallāhu ‘anh) with those who committed this filthy deed. Also in Wilāyat Ar-Raqqah, a woman was stoned after being found guilty of zinā. In Wilāyat al- Khayr, meanwhile, a man was recently flogged as a ta’zīr (disciplinary punishment) after he was found to be in possession of pornographic material. 
Hudhayfah Ibn al-Yamān (radiyallāhu ‘an- humā) said, “The people used to ask Rasūlullāh (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) about good and I used to ask him about evil, fearing it might reach me. So I said, ‘O Rasūlullāh, we were in jāhiliyyah and evil, then Allah brought us this good, so is there evil after this good?’ He said, ‘Yes.’ I said, ‘Is there any good after that evil?’ He said, ‘Yes, and it will be tainted.’ I said, ‘What is its taint?’ He said, ‘A people who follow other than my Sunnah, and take as guidance other than my guidance. You rec- ognize good and evil from them.’ I said, ‘Is there any evil after that good?’ He said, ‘Yes, callers at the gates of Hellfire, they will throw into Hellfire whoever answers their call to it.’ I said, ‘O Rasūlullāh, describe them to us.’ He said, ‘They are a people from our skin who speak with our tongues.’ I said, ‘O Rasūlullāh, what do you advise I do if I reach that time.’ He said, ‘Stick to the jamā’ah [the khilāfah] of the Muslims and their imām [the khalīfah].’ I said, ‘What if they have no jamā’ah nor imām?’ He said, ‘Then abandon all of those sects even if you have to bite the root of a tree until death comes upon you while you are in that condition.’” 
Hudhayfah Ibn al-Yamān (radiyallāhu ‘anhumā) said, “The people used to ask Rasūlullāh (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) about good and I used to ask him about evil. I said, ‘O Rasūlullāh, do you see this good that Allah gave us, will there be evil after it like there was before it?’ He replied, ‘Yes.’ I said, ‘What is the salvation from it?’ He replied, ‘The sword [meaning jihād].’ I said, ‘O Rasūlullāh, what will come about thereafter?’ He said, ‘If Allah has a khalīfah upon the Earth and he strikes your back and takes your wealth, then obey him, otherwise die while you are biting upon the stump of a tree.’ I said, ‘Then what?’ He said, ‘Then the Dajjāl will emerge with a river and fire. Whosoever enters into his fire, his reward is incumbent and his sin will be cast away. And whosoever enters into his river, his punishment will be incumbent, and his reward will be cast away.’ I said, ‘Then what?’ He said, ‘Then will be the establishment of the Hour.’” 
Although Abū Qudāmah’s joking nature was known to always entertain his brothers, he would take his relationship with Allah very seriously, never missing the fast of Dāwūd (‘alayhis- salām) nor enjoying a single night’s sleep without spending a portion of it remembering his Lord either through prayer or recitation of the Qur’an. He was known to seek the correct Islamic rulings in everything he did, and would never knowingly allow any doubts or falsehood to hold firm in his presence. 
By Ramadān, both friends were fighting the Nusayriyyah in Halab, and both were injured within a week of each other. Abū Mu’āwiyah’s gunshot wound healed quickly, whereas Abū Qudāmah sustained a complicated injury to his heel. It took six months of intensive physiotherapy and treatment before he could use the leg properly again. When his plaster cast was finally removed he fell to the ground in prayer, prostrating for a long period in thanks to Allah (ta’ālā). 
It wasn’t long after his recovery that he joined the battle for the village of Duwayrīnah near Halab, spending around ten days in ribāt. He would distribute food to the brothers at the furthest ends of the ribāt area, given that their area was very dangerous and, as such, their food had sometimes been delayed. Leadership qualities were noticed in him and he was given responsibility over a group of brothers on the frontline, coordinating their ribāt hours and taking care of their affairs. 
Because of his loyalty to the Khilāfah, the mujāhid Abū Basīr al-Ifrīqī (Amedy Coulibaly – rahimahullāh) arranged to send his wife Umm Basīr al-Muhājirah to its lands prior to his shahādah in the blessed operations of Paris. After her safe arrival, Dābiq had the opportunity to present some questions to the sister and she answered with beneficial responses. May Allah protect all the wives of the shuhadā’ and mujāhidīn and keep them firm upon the truth until they meet their Lord (‘azza wa jall). 
UMM BASĪR: He was very happy. He immediately believed in the Khalīfah and the Khilāfah by giving bay’ah. And all praise is due to Allah. We ask Allah to have mercy upon him, accept him, and make him from those close to Him. His heart was burning to meet his brothers in the land of the Khilāfah and fight the enemies of Allah. His eyes shined every time he would watch the videos of the Islamic State. He would say, “Don’t show me this,” because when he 
Allah (ta’ālā) gave you minds to think with and intelligence to reason with. Why do you degrade yourselves by thinking you cannot understand the Qur’ān and Sunnah and believing you are in need of the understanding of this imam or that scholar? It is true, we need the people of knowledge in general, but, alhamdulillāh, Allah facilitated the understanding of the Qur’ān and Sunnah. {All praise is due to Allah, who has sent down upon His Servant the Book and has not made therein any crookedness} [Al-Kahf: 1]. 
your husbands, brothers, fathers, and sons. Be advisors to them. They should find comfort and peace with you. Do not make things difficult for them. Facilitate all matters for them. Be strong and brave. It is essential that you make all your deeds sincerely for Allah’s face and hope for His reward. Know that the Companions (radiyallāhu ‘anhum) did not spread Islam in these vast lands except with their righteous wives behind them. Do not waste your time and energy in play, futility, and what does not concern you. Learn your religion! Learn your religion! Read the Qur’ān, reflect upon it, and practice it. Nourish your love of Allah and His Messenger. It is essential for you to love Allah and His Messenger more than your own selves, your husbands, your children, and your parents. Follow the example of Āsiyah – the wife of Pharaoh – who left the Dunyā for Allah and the Hereafter although she was a queen and had the wealth of the Dunyā. She was tortured and killed because of this choice, but Allah kept her firm and raised her above many women. And all praise is due to Allah, the Forgiving and Generous. Follow the example of Maryam (‘alayhas- salām) in her chastity, modesty, obedience of Allah, and truthfulness, which was one of her greatest traits, and so Allah chose her and raised her above many women. And all praise is due to Allah, the Majestic. There were many righteous women in history, so follow their example. Be patient. Patience is a great virtue. May Allah, the Bestower, provide you with patience. The life of the believer is full of trials and tribulations. So be patient while hoping for Allah’s reward. Life is short, even if it appears sometimes – during times of sorrow – to be long. By Allah, what awaits us is better and ever-lasting, inshā’allāh. We ask Allah for support and success. And there is no might nor power except by Allah. 
This month, Patrick Cockburn – a kāfir journalist and citizen of Britain, a member of the crusader coalition against the Islamic State – wrote an article titled “Isis Hostage Crisis: Militant Group Stands Strong as Its Numerous Enemies Fail to Find a Common Plan to Defeat It.” In this article, the author contrasts the successes of the Islamic State with the overall failure of the crusaders in their war against the Khilāfah. Although the article contains exaggerations of the “abilities” and “advances” attributed to the murtaddīn from amongst the Safawī forces, the PKK, and the peshmerga, the author makes a number of sensible points. He had the following to say: 
“Isis has suffered setbacks, but has also had successes. This week, its forces were finally driven out of the Syrian Kurdish town of Kobani after a siege lasting 134 days, in which it suffered heavy losses from 606 US air strikes. But elsewhere in Syria, Isis has been advancing towards the city of Homs as well as gaining strength south of Damascus and at al- Qalamoun, close to eastern Lebanon. By one account, Isis has won control of territory since last September where one million Syrians live, in addition to the area it already held.” 
“Western analysts are encouraged by the number of experienced Isis commanders killed last year, but its ideology is built around martyrdom, and the high casualty rate among leaders shows that they fight in the frontline. President Obama says America’s main effort is in Iraq but unless it can rebuild the Iraqi army then it will be near impossible to defeat Isis there. And so long as Isis continues, so too will high profile hostage-taking and executions.” 
“A small victory in Syria is no reason to celebrate as the Islamic State gets stronger. US officials are celebrating a modest victory in the war against the Islamic State in Syria – the apparently successful defense of the Kurdish town of Kobane, on the border with Turkey. Under siege since early October, Kobane has little strategic value but came to be seen as a test of whether the United States and its allies could stop the expansion of the Islamic State … With the help of Kurdish ground forces, the extremists were turned back. But perhaps the most significant fact about Kobane is that it consumed 75 percent of the nearly 1,000 airstrikes carried out by allied planes throughout Syria since September … In the rest of the Syrian territory it controls, including its capital of Raqqa, the Islamic State … is growing stronger rather than weaker.” 
“The president promises ISIS will be destroyed. Instead, it is only spreading … Coalition forces did finally beat back ISIS in the key border town of Kobani … It reportedly took 75 percent of all the air strikes launched there so far to accomplish it. And despite that one glimmer of hope, the Islamic state vows to recapture the town as it scores successes elsewhere … The Islamic state’s territory has grown in the last five months … despite all of the coalition air strikes.” 
The grayzone is critically endangered, rather on the brink of extinction. Its endangerment began with the blessed operations of September 11th, as these operations manifested two camps before the world for mankind to choose between, a camp of Islam – without the body of Khilāfah to represent it at the time – and a camp of kufr – the crusader coalition. Or as Shaykh Usāmah Ibn Lādin (rahimahullāh) said, “The world today is divided into two camps. Bush spoke the truth when he said, ‘Either you are with us or you are with the terrorists.’ Meaning, either you are with the crusade or you are with Islam” [Interview – 4 Sha’bān 1422H].1 
The operations quickly exposed the different deviant “Islamic” movements, the palace “scholars,” and the deviant du’āt, not to mention the apostate tawāghīt2, as all of them rushed to serve the crusaders led by Bush in the war against Islam. And so, the grayzone began to wither… _____________ 1 It is strange how ‘Azzām al-Amrīkī in some of his letters criticized the Islamic State’s justification for targeting the hostile Catholics of Iraq in 2010. He de- cried that its operation against the Catholics was based upon Bush’s division of the world, when this is exactly how Shaykh Usāmah (rahimahullāh) viewed the world! 2 The tawāghīt had always been open apostates in the camp of kufr, but due to the support they received from the palace “scholars” and the deviant movements (the Sufis, the Surūriyyah, the Ikhwān, etc.), many of the igno- rant did not understand the blatant apostasy of these rulers. Because of this confusion, the tawāghīt were only “gray” in the sight of the ignorant. Only in this sense did the events of September 11th drive the tawāghīt out of the grayzone. 
But the fiery zeal of the broken Muslim Ummah began to cool by the hazy events known as “the Arab Spring” as well as the lack of a body representing Islam (the Khilāfah) then. The Muslims saw the same aforementioned movements, “scholars,” callers, sects, and even the apostate tawāghīt3 get involved in “supporting” the cause of the oppressed Muslims in Shām. And so confusion spread, and the withering of the grayzone was slowed or almost halted. Once again, the heretical call to the gates of Hellfire – the religions of the tawāghīt – was answered by many of the ignorant. 
Then came the announcement of the Islamic State’s expansion to Shām followed by the subsequent announcement of the Khilāfah… bringing the grayzone to the brink of permanent extinction… by reviving the great body of Islam and so no Muslim had any excuse to be independent of this entity embodying them and waging war on their behalf in the face of kufr. Now, a stance of “neutrality” or “independence” would doom him4 , as it entailed major sin, which would cause him to commit greater sins until he could commit kufr for the sake of his sinful interests, as the scholars stated, “The reward for sin is another sin,” and “Sins are the gateway to kufr” [Al-Jawāb al-Kāfī – Ibnul-Qayyim].5 
The destruction of the grayzone is comparable to the division resulting from the Islamic message when it was first conveyed by the Messenger (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam). As the angels said when they appeared before the Prophet (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) while he was sleeping, “Muhammad is a divider” and “Muhammad divided the people” [Sahīh al- Bukhārī]. For this reason, the mushrikīn would warn the Arabs against the Prophet (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) by saying, “You have come to our lands. The matter of this man amongst us has grown severe. He has divided our jamā’ah (community) and scattered our strength. His words are like that of a sorcerer. He divides between a man and his father, a man and his 
And when a grayzone formed and a “masjid” was established for it, Allah (ta’ālā) revealed to His Messenger (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) al-Fādihah (the Exposer, Sūrat at-Tawbah) by which the grayish were exposed as well as their harmful “masjid.” Rasūlullāh (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) went on to demolish this “masjid”… again ridding the Ummah of the destructive gray movement, as the grayzone was the hideout of the hypocrites, {Indeed, the hypocrites [think to] deceive Allah, but He is deceiving them. And when they stand for prayer, they stand lazily, showing [themselves to] the people and not remembering Allah except a little, wavering between them, [belonging] neither to the _____________ 3 See previous footnote. 
4 Note: After September 11th, the two opposing camps were the divided Ummah versus the crusaders. Now – according to the crusaders themselves – it is the Islamic State versus the crusaders. Accordingly, the grayzone has different implications for both times. In the past, it consisted of the hypocrites, deviant innovators, and abandoners of jihād. After the Khilāfah and the subse- quent crusade, the grayzone also encompasses “independent” and “neutral” Islamic parties that refuse to join the Khilāfah, as these parties claim to be independent of both opposing camps. 
5 What the scholars mean is that sins – including bid’ah – will get a person into committing further sins. Each time he commits a sin, Allah will punish him with greater sins. Eventually, Allah could punish him with kufr, like the case of someone who knows that the implementation of the Sharī’ah will prevent him from pursuing his addiction to sin and thus joins the ranks of those who wage war against it, so he can preserve a social and political condition suitable for his sins. Or the case of those whose attachment to innovation and hizbiyyah is so deep that he feels he must wage war against the Khilāfah and so he coop- erates with the murtaddīn against it. 
And a sword was also revealed to deal with the grayish hypocrites if they openly exposed their dark hypocrisy. {O Prophet, fight against the disbelievers and the hypocrites and be harsh upon them. And their refuge is Hell, and wretched is the destination} [At-Tawbah: 73]. {If the hypocrites and those in whose hearts is disease and those who spread rumors in al- Madīnah do not cease, We will surely incite you against them; then they will not remain your neighbors therein except for a little. They are accursed; wherever they are found, they are to be seized and massacred completely. This is the established way of Allah with those who passed on before; and you will not find in the way of Allah any change} [Al-Ahzāb: 60-62]. 
And so, the hypocrites buried their heads in the sand, fearful of being exposed… They remained so until the wars of apostasy, when most of the Arabs apostatized from Islam. Then the hypocrites came out and rushed to join the open camp of falsehood, until the sword against apostasy – Abū Bakr as-Siddīq (radiyallāhu ‘anh) – took his famous stance and forced them back into the religion by the edge of his blade. Again, the hypocrites concealed themselves until other fitan struck the Ummah, including the murders of al-Fārūq ‘Umar, ‘Uthmān, and ‘Alī (radiyallāhu ‘anhum)… fitan that gave birth to deviant sects and parties, which in turn provided cover for the hypocrites desperately seeking another grayzone to operate from. 
Prophet (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) split the former jāhiliyyah into two opposing camps, the Islamic State – by its very expansion to Shām – split the different factions in Shām including those with jāhilī and ‘ummī (blind) goals6. The former War Minister Abū Hamzah al-Muhājir (rahimahullāh) was asked, “Some people accuse you of being the cause for the Sahwah mission, how correct is this claim?” He replied: 
“We have previously asserted that the true cause behind the Sahwah mission was the establishment of the Islamic State. This is what began to be apparent these days, for after the announcement of the State, the Islamic mission conflicted with the nationalist mission adopted by almost all colors of the spectrum in Iraq, and this is what all the different jabhāt ad-dirār (harmful fronts) which were announced and formed have declared openly and repeatedly. It is not strange for all these different assemblies to form after the announcement of the Islamic State for they were truly formed only to wage war against it, secretly and openly.” 
hope for nationalist rule was demolished, and after they realized we would spill our blood and dismember our corpses cheaply so as to not allow the fruit of jihād to go to waste and so Iraq would not once again be ruled by something besides the Sharī’ah of ar-Rahmān. And because the reality of their armies [the Surūrī factions] is a lie especially after the sincere ones in their ranks joined us, their only option was to stand with the occupation against the Islamic State because the nationalist mission, which they argued for, gathered support for, and unified for, is the same mission desired by the occupation. The only condition is to be its agents, and this they had offered before for nothing in return from the occupation except a few dirhams and some security, which the occupation and its allies began to deprive them of” [The First Interview]. 
The different factions in Shām – as occurred in Iraq – began to split into two camps: the Islamic State versus the Sahwah backed by the crusaders, apostate regimes, and deviant movements… and those who tried to preserve the grayzone for different partisan interests found the grayzone withering rapidly before them, as their sincere soldiers abandoned them to join the Islamic State while their sick-hearted soldiers rushed to join the Sahwah factions. 
This division found its way quickly into different lands, as sincere mujāhidīn saw their former leaders fearful of losing power and influence rushing to futilely resuscitate the grayzone, even if it necessitated supporting the interests of the secularist, nationalist, and heretical parties waging war against the Islamic State on behalf of the crusaders and Arab apostate regimes. The grayzone – for these leaders – was a place to continue existing as independent parties and thereby preserve their own power. The Khilāfah’s establishment finally pushed the sincere mujāhidīn to abandon their former leaderships, who were too busy burying themselves alive in the garbage dump of history. 
This revival of the Khilāfah gave each individual Muslim a concrete and tangible entity to satisfy his natural desire for belonging to something greater. The satisfaction of this desire brought life back to the zeal latent in Muslims’ hearts and when this entity embodying them was threatened by the crusaders, attacks were immediately carried out by the zealous Muslims in different kāfir lands in a way uniquely different to all attacks before. For years, different jihād organizations had called for individual attacks to be carried out against the crusader homelands, 
Europe was struck by attacks that killed multitudes more of kuffār than those killed in the recent Paris attacks. The 2004 Madrid operation and the 2005 London operation together killed more than 200 crusaders and injured more than 2000. Europe also witnessed an attack against “free speech” when a mujāhid assassinated Theo Van Gogh for mocking Allah (ta’ālā), His verses, His religion, and His Messenger (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam). So why was the reaction to the recent attacks much greater than that of any previous attack? It is the international atmosphere of terror generated by the presence of the Islamic Khilāfah… It is the lively words contained in the Khilāfah’s call. When its spokesman Shaykh Abū Muhammad al-‘Adnānī ash-Shāmī (hafidhahullāh) made his call to Muslims everywhere, ordering them to carry out attacks against the crusaders wherever they may be found, his call was answered immediately, with different individual operations executed within hours… 
was the brave mujāhid Abū Basīr al-Ifrīqī (Amedy Coulibaly – rahimahullāh). It was the address “Indeed Your Lord Is Ever Watchful” that moved him most. He had given his bay’ah to the Khilāfah beforehand – immediately upon its announcement – and sat in wait for instructions from its leadership, while never traveling to Iraq nor Shām. It was the living and breathing entity of Islam, which he pledged allegiance to, that inspired his soul. He met with the Muslims and mujāhidīn in France, calling them to give bay’ah and defend the Khilāfah, while refuting the doubts spread against it. He provided others – including the two mujāhid brothers, Cherif and Said Kouachi (rahimahumallāh) – with money and weapons so as to call to jihād under the banner of the Khilāfah. 
operations in Paris is the clear-cut obligation to kill those who mock the Messenger (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam). There is no khilāf (difference) amongst the Salaf that if a dhimmī kāfir mocks the Messenger (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam), his covenant is thereby nullified and he must be killed. So how much more certain is the obligation to kill a covenant-less kāfir mocking the Messenger (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) from dārul-harb! 
Shaykh Sulaymān Āl ash-Shaykh (rahimahullāh) said, “The meaning of the āyah is apparent. It means that if a man hears the verses of Allah being denied and mocked and sits with the kāfir mockers without being coerced, without forbidding them, and without getting up and leaving until they change the subject, then he is a kāfir like them even if he does not do the same as them, because his remaining with them entails approval of kufr. And approval of kufr is kufr” [Ad-Durar as-Saniyyah]. 
If merely sitting silently with the kuffār during a gathering of kufr is kufr, how much more so is it to rally on behalf of a newspaper mocking the Messenger (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam)? Or give verdicts in defense of the newspaper, against the mujāhidīn who killed those who mocked the Messenger (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam)? Or raise banners and slogans with the words “Je Suis Charlie” on them? There is no doubt that such deeds are apostasy, that those who publicly call to such deeds in the name of Islam and scholarship are from the du’āt (callers) to apostasy, and that there is great reward awaiting the Muslim in the Hereafter if he kills these apostate imāms… 
{Indeed, those who reverted back to disbelief after guidance had become clear to them – Shaytān enticed them and prolonged hope for them. That is because they said to those who disliked what Allah sent down, “We will obey you in part of the matter.” And Allah knows what they conceal. Then how [will it be] when the angels take them in death, striking their faces and their backs? That is because they followed what angered Allah and disliked [what earns] His pleasure, so He rendered worthless their deeds} [Muhammad: 25-28]. 
And if the Prophet (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) was forbidden from praying in the “masjid” built by the grayish hypocrites and destroyed it because it was secretly established for kufr and fitnah, how much more so is it an obligation to abandon “masājid” that blatantly raise the slogan “Je Suis Charlie” upon their walls and whose “imāms” defend the heretical concept of “free speech” to support the satanic newspaper?! 
{And [there are] those [hypocrites] who took for themselves a masjid for causing harm and disbelief and division among the believers and as a station for whoever had warred against Allah and His Messenger before. And they will surely swear, “We intended only the best.” And Allah testifies that indeed they are liars. Do not stand [for prayer] within it – ever. A mosque founded on righteousness from the first day is more worthy for you to stand in. Within it are men who love to purify themselves; and Allah loves those who purify themselves. Then is one who laid the foundation of his building on righteousness [with fear] from Allah and [seeking] His approval better or one who laid the foundation of his building on the edge of a bank about to collapse, so it collapsed with him into the fire of Hell? And Allah does not guide the wrongdoing people. Their building which they built will not cease to be a [cause of] doubt in their hearts until their hearts are torn to pieces. And Allah is Knowing and Wise} [At- Tawbah: 107-110]. 
Rasūlullāh (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) was the sword against the mushrikīn, and his greatest companion, Abū Bakr as-Siddīq (radiyallāhu ‘anh), was the sword against the murtaddīn… Where is this sword today to strike the necks of those apostate imāms so as to deter them from kufr and zandaqah (heresy)? If just one of them were killed, it would deter some of them and some of their followers from carrying on in their procession to Hellfire. Is there not a Muslim, whom Allah loves and who loves Allah, ready to perform jihād and spill the blood of such deviant callers? 
{And they will continue to fight you until they turn you back from your religion if they are able. And whoever of you reverts from his religion [to disbelief] and dies while he is a disbeliever – for those, their deeds have become worthless in this world and the Hereafter, and those are the companions of the Fire, they will abide therein eternally} [Al-Baqarah: 217]. {And never will the Jews or the Christians approve of you until you follow their religion. Say, “Indeed, the guidance of Allah is the [only] guidance.” If you were to follow their desires after what has come to you of knowledge, you would have against Allah no protector or helper} [Al-Baqarah: 120]. 
Muslims take precaution against the hypocrites and act when it is necessary by unsheathing the sword against the hypocrites, if they blatantly display their hypocrisy. Sadly, those who had formed parties with the legitimate mission to wage jihād fī sabīlillāh quickly found themselves in a dilemma after the Khilāfah had been established. The world was now divided further between the Khilāfah on one side and the crusaders with their apostate agents on the other. If these jihād parties recognized this giant body representing Islam – the Khilāfah – they would be delegitimizing themselves, and thus would lose personal power and influence, including the ability to propagate bida’, in the case of those leaders blinded by irjā’. They also realized that many groups and individuals belonging to the splintered Ummah were influenced by the leaders of the grayzone – the palace “scholars,” the deviant du’āt, and the heads of the deviant sects9 and movements – all of them claiming to work for Islam. The jihādī parties found themselves in another dilemma. If they delegitimized the grayzone, they would also be delegitimizing the scholarship of those “scholars” representing the “Ummah”! And they did not have the courage to do so and could not abandon their fear of losing power, so they rejected the concept of a grayzone and struggled to prove the sincerity of the hypocrites… a mission doomed to fail and executed only for partisan interests. 
Their blind-followers – the jihād claimants in Shām – tried the same before the Sahwah conspiracy by reviving different creeds of the Murji’ah – the Karrāmiyyah sect in particular, which denies the existence of hypocrisy. The scholar of the Salaf, Sufyān ath-Thawrī (rahimahullāh) said, “The difference between us and the Murji’ah is three matters. We say that _____________ 9 The scholar of the Salaf, al-Fudayl Ibn ‘Iyād (rahimahullāh) said, “If I see a person from the people of Sunnah, then it is as if I see a person from the Com- panions of Rasūlullāh (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam); and if I see a person from the people of bida’ (deviant innovations), it is as if I saw a person from the munāfiqīn” [Sharh as-Sunnah – al-Barbahārī]. The hypocrites and zanādiqah (extreme heretics) are also famous for disguising themselves as mubtadi’ah (deviant innovators) and concealing their propaganda under such a cover. 
Although the jihād claimants acknowledge the existence of hypocrisy, hypothetically, they don’t abide by the practical shar’ī rulings towards the hypocrites… Instead, they insist that they should be treated exactly like believers who do not display the traits of hypocrisy. And when the hypocrites are drowning in the darkest of suspicions, the jihād claimants insist upon giving them the benefit of doubt. And when the darkness of kufr is exhibited blatantly in the hypocrites’ words and actions, the jihādī claimants look for excuses to justify the hypocrites’ words, only to preserve the withering grayzone, and thereby justify their own existence as an entity independent of the Islamic State. 
{O you who have believed, do not take the Jews and the Christians as allies. They are allies of one another. And whoever is an ally to them among you – then indeed, he is one of them. Indeed, Allah guides not the wrongdoing people. So you see those in whose hearts is disease [hypocrisy] hastening to them, saying, “We are afraid a calamity may strike us.” But perhaps Allah will bring conquest or a decision from Him, and they will become, over what they have been concealing within themselves, regretful} [Al- Mā’idah: 51-52].10 
10 See also verses 25-31 of Sūrat Muhammad. Shaykul-Islām Ibn Taymiyyah (rahimahullāh) said, “Sometimes the hypocrites say to the believers, ‘What has become of us is due to the bad luck you bring with you, for you called the people to this religion, fought them over it, and opposed them.’ This was the statement of the hypocrites to the believers from the Sahābah. Sometimes they say, ‘You told us to remain and stay here on this frontline until now, and if we had left before, we would not have been harmed by this calamity.’ Sometimes they say, ‘You – despite _____________  10 See also verses 25-31 of Sūrat Muhammad. 
Does this not all describe the condition of many of the factions prior to the launching of the Sahwah conspiracy? They rushed to the kuffār to gain power, while fearing calamity, promising to obey them “in part of the matter,” speaking with the marked tone of hypocrisy (vague statements that can be interpreted in ways favorable to the kuffār while possibly implying meanings of kufr), and considering the muhājirīn in Shām to be deluded for pronouncing the Millah (religion) of Ibrāhīm (‘alayhis- salām)? Sometimes the hypocritical leaders of these factions would make deceptively elusive statements with a tone of secularism, democracy, and nationalism, and then have their “jihādī” allies voluntarily reinterpret these statements in a manner more suitable to the hypocrites’ claim of Islam. Their “jihādī” allies would in turn use these reinterpretations to calm the jealousy of their own sincere soldiers so as to preserve the grayzone where they could 
continue to reside as independent parties working peacefully alongside the hypocritical factions. And when the Sahwah factions finally executed their conspiracy against the muhājirīn and ansār, the jihād claimants – knowing fully of the conspiracy beforehand – insisted that the hypocrites did not openly apostatize by aiding the murtadd Syrian National Coalition (SNC) and the tāghūt of Āl Salūl against the mujāhidīn! This was despite the fact that these jihād claimants knew of the deeply intricate but “hush-hush” relationship between the Sahwah factions and Āl Salūl and the SNC. And instead of aiding the mujāhidīn of the Islamic State, they aided the apostatizing factions11! 
They forgot the verses in the Qur’ān explaining the obligation upon the Muslims towards the hypocrites, never mind the obligation upon the mujāhidīn towards the murtaddīn… _____________ 11 The apostatizing hypocritical factions are those who moved from the grayzone to the camp of kufr by aiding the blatant murtaddīn – the secularist and democratic factions – against the mujāhidīn. They followed this treach- ery by making political declarations of kufr themselves. As for the blatant murtaddīn who had publicly called to democracy (the secularist and demo- cratic factions), then they were never in the grayzone to begin with except in the eyes of the most extreme Murji’ah; but these democratic factions have become further exposed by the crusade they have rushed to support. These days, the jihād claimants have found themselves in another dilemma and it is that the “grayzone” they had for so long strived to preserve is abandon- ing them and now waging war against them. And so, the jihād claimants are forced to make “takfīrī” statements against their closest allies – the other Sahwah factions! Why have they not reflected over the mubāhalah that has doomed them? See pages 20-30 of issue #2 of Dābiq for further reading. 
Furthermore, some of the jihād claimants find it impossible to consider as a munāfiq anyone who fights and claims to be a mujāhid. They forget that the hypocrites would fight battles but avoid those requiring difficult travel and having no prospective of war-booty. {Had it been an easy gain and a moder- ate trip, the hypocrites would have followed you, but distant to them was the journey} [At-Tawbah: 42]. They might travel for battle, as the leader of the hypocrites said during one expedition, {They say, “If we return to al-Madīnah, the more honored will surely expel therefrom the more humble.” And to Allah belongs [all] honor, and to His Messenger, and to the believers, but the hypocrites do not know} [Al-Munāfiqūn: 8]. They might even get killed in battle as described in the hadīth of the Prophet (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam), “The killed fighters are three types. The first is a believer who wages jihād fī sabīlillāh with his soul and wealth until he meets the enemy and fights until he is killed. He is the purified shahīd in Allah’s garden, beneath His throne. The Prophets are not better than him except by the degree of prophethood. The other man is he who fears for himself because of his sins and misdeeds, so he wages jihād fī sabīlillāh with his soul and wealth until he meets the en- emy and fights until he is killed. This is a purification that erases his sins and misdeeds. Indeed, the sword erases misdeeds. He will also be entered from any of the gates of Jannah that he desires … The last is a hypocrite who wages jihād with his soul and wealth until he meets the enemy and fights until he is killed. He is in Hellfire for the sword does not erase hypocrisy” [Hasan: Reported by Imām Ahmad, Ibn Hibbān, and others]. The difference between the battle fought by the believer and that fought by the hypocrite is that the hypocrite fights only for fame, war booty, zeal, nationalism, conspiracy, and pride while claiming to fight fī sabīlillāh. 
They forgot that the hypocrites are not to be taken as allies nor friends, {O you who have believed, do not take as intimates those other than yourselves, for they will not spare you [any] ruin. They wish you would have hardship. Hatred has already appeared from their mouths, and what their breasts conceal is greater. We have certainly made clear to you the signs, if you will use reason. Here you are loving them but they are not loving you, while you believe in the Scripture – all of it. And when they meet you, they say, “We believe.” But when they are alone, they bite their fingertips at you in rage. Say, “Die in your rage. Indeed, Allah is Knowing of that within the breasts”} [Āl ‘Imrān: 118-119]. 
The forgot that the hypocrites are not to be defended in speech, {Indeed, We have revealed to you the Book in truth so you may judge between the people by that which Allah has shown you. And do not be for the treacherous an advocate. And seek forgiveness of Allah. Indeed, Allah is ever Forgiving and Merciful. And do not argue on behalf of those who betray themselves. Indeed, Allah loves not one who is a habitually sinful traitor. They conceal [their evil intentions and deeds] from the people, but they cannot conceal them from Allah, and He is with them when they spend the night in speech He does not approve. And ever is Allah, of what they do, encompassing} [An-Nisā’: 105-108]. 
All of these orders – including that to fight the hypocrites if they openly expose their hypocrisy12 – contain practical instructions for the believers to implement. If hypocrisy were a theoretical concept having no consequences in the Dunyā, such orders would be meaningless. It is this understanding of faith, in accordance with the creed of Ahlus-Sunnah, that guided the mujāhidīn in their fight against the hypocritical factions turned apostate factions. It is also the absence of this creed amongst the leadership of the jihād claimants that led them to support these factions against the mujāhidīn and insist that these factions were never hypocrites, never mind apostates13! 
And instead of realizing the great danger of the hypocrites, {And when you see them, their forms please you, and if they speak, you listen to their speech. [They are] as if they were pieces of wood propped up – they think that every shout is against them. They are the enemy, so beware of them. May Allah destroy them; how are they deluded?} [Al-Munāfiqūn: 4], they befriended the hypocrites and listened to them, {The hypocrite men and hypocrite women are of one another. They enjoin what is wrong and forbid what is right and close their hands. They have forgotten Allah, so He has forgotten them [accordingly]. Indeed, the hypocrites – it is they who are the defiantly disobedient} [At-Tawbah: 67]. 
They then treated the hypocrites as the believers should be treated while forgetting, {Or should we treat those who believe and do righteous deeds like corrupters in the land? Or should We treat those who fear Allah like the wicked?} [Sād: 28]. {Then will We treat the Muslims like the criminals? What is [the matter] with you? How do you judge?} [Al-Qalam: 35-36]. {Or do those who commit evils think We will make them like those who have believed and done righteous deeds – [make them] equal in their life and their death? _____________ 12 See verse 73 of Sūrat at-Tawbah, verse 9 of Sūrat at-Tahrīm, and verses 60-62 of Sūrat al-Ahzāb. 
irjā’ prevents the Accordingly, hypocrisy to them is a theoretical condition with no practical consequences. And if the hypocrites join the camp of apostasy (the trenches of the secularist and democratic factions), extreme jihād claimants from making any ruling of riddah upon these hypocrites. The extreme Murji’ah instead exaggerate the excuse of ignorance to encompass the very basis of the religion, the religious teachings that every Muslim must necessarily know, and even the undeniable facts related to the wāqi’ upon which different shar’ī rulings are based. 
in the lands of Mujāhidīn jihād will find themselves driven to join the ranks of the Khilāfah, or forced to wage war against it on the side of those willing to cooperate with the munāfiqīn and murtaddīn against the Khilāfah. If they do not execute these treacherous orders, they will be considered khawārij by their leaders and face the sword of “independent” courts infiltrated by the Sufis, the Ikhwān, and the Salūlī sects. 
Then, when ‘Īsā (‘alayhis-salām) descends, breaks the cross, and abolishes the jizyah, there will not be any place left for the camp of kufr to exist on the Earth, not even as humbled dhimmī subjects living amongst the Muslims in the camp of truth… Thereafter, the Beast14 will appear and mark the hypocrites who remained as individuals hidden in the camp of truth, thereby bringing an end to hypocrisy on the individual level after the Malāhim had finished hypocrisy on the level of calls and movements… 
All praise is due to Allah who made for our era of tribulations men with jealousy for Allah’s religion. They left the Dunyā for the Hereafter having certainty in the reward Allah prepared for those who kill His enemies. It is upon the one who treads the path of Islam and then jihād to know that this path could be long and that he is in need of provision to keep him firm and nourish his faith upon the path that will end with Jannah, inshā’allāh. This provision is the constant worship of Allah, recitation of His book, voluntary prayers, charity, dhikr of Allah, and seeking knowledge of the Qur’ān and Sunnah. These traits were present in 
the Companions of our Prophet Muhammad (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam), as the scholar of the Salaf, al-Awzā’ī – who died while on rībāt near Beirut in the year 150 AH – said, “The Companions of the Prophet (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) were upon five matters: sticking to the Jamā’ah, following the Sunnah, attending the masājid, reciting the Qur’ān, and performing jihād fī sabīlillāh” [Sharh Usūl I’tiqād Ahlis-Sunnah]. And these traits were present in the brother Abū Basīr (Amedy Coulibaly – rahimahullāh), as a close brother of his who recently performed hijrah to Shām explained in the following words... 
He called many people to Allah, especially when he was in prison. He met a man in prison who was originally Muslim but hated the religion and everything related to the religion, to the point that this man prevented his wife from wearing hijāb and would prevent his brother back home from learning Arabic. In prison, this man met the brother Abū Basīr and stayed with him for 2-3 months. After this period, he would pray all the prayers during their proper time, pray qiyāmul-layl every night, and recite the Qu’rān daily. He ordered his wife to wear hijāb and ordered her to sell the house that he had purchased with a usurious loan so as to get out of harām. This story is a story from the dozens of unexaggerated stories. Those who met the brother Abū Basīr will weep over his shahādah. He would also call the people whom he trusted to carry out the order of Allah by pledging allegiance to Amīrul-Mu’minīn Abū Bakr al-Baghdādī. 
How many are those who blindly follow the evil scholars, the deviant imāms, and the callers to the gates of Hellfire! They give precedence to these “scholarly” opinions over the words of Allah and the words of His Messenger (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam). But the truth is clear regarding tawhīd, and walā’ and barā’ – the millah (religion) of Ibrāhīm (‘alayhis-salām). The truth is also clear regarding hijrah from dārul-kufr to dārul-islām. The truth is also clear regarding bay’ah to the Khalīfah Abū Bakr al-Baghdādī (hafidhahullāh) and jihād against the Jews, the Christians, the Rāfidah, and the proponents of democracy. No one gives precedence to the words of a scholar over the orders that came from Allah and His Messenger (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) except those described by Allah’s statement, {They have taken their scholars and monks as lords besides Allah} [At-Tawbah: 31]. 
Sa’d Ibn ‘Ubādah (radiyallāhu ‘anh) once said, “If I saw a man with my wife, I would strike him with the edge of my blade.” This reached Rasūlullāh (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam), so he said, “Are you surprised by Sa’d’s jealousy? I swear by Allah that I am more jealous than Sa’d and that Allah is more jealous than me. And because of Allah’s jealousy, He prohibited what is open and what is hidden of immoralities” [Al-Bukhārī and Muslim]. 
He would give a lot of charity to the poor, the sisters (the wives of imprisoned mujāhidīn), and the mujāhidīn. An example of this is that when he saw the harsh financial condition of the two mujāhid brothers Cherif and Said Kouachi, he gave them several thousand euros so that they could purchase what they needed for the operation, after together coordinating the timings for their different operations. He gave much attention to supporting the sisters (the wives of imprisoned mujāhidīn). He could not tolerate seeing the masājid closed while the sisters were homeless. He would offer his wealth and home as solutions. 
ABŪ ‘UMAR: A brother had taken video footage of some of us before a battle, but his camera got lost and was later sold by a murtadd to a Western journalist. I suddenly saw my picture all over the media, but alhamdulillāh, the kuffār were blinded by Allah. I was even stopped by an officer who contemplated me so as to compare me to the pic- ture, but he let me go, as he did not see the re- semblance! This was nothing but a gift from Allah. 
ABŪ ‘UMAR: The intelligence knew me from be- fore as I had been previously imprisoned by them. After the raid on the safe house, they fig- ured out that I had been with the brothers and that we had been planning operations together. So they gathered intelligence agents from all over the world – from Europe and America – in order to detain me. They arrested Muslims in Greece, Spain, France, and Belgium in order to apprehend 
ABŪ ‘UMAR: Alhamdulillāh, Allah blinded their vi- sion and I was able to leave and come to Shām despite being chased after by so many intelli- gence agencies. All this proves that a Muslim should not fear the bloated image of the crusader intelligence. My name and picture were all over the news yet I was able to stay in their homeland, plan operations against them, and leave safely when doing so became necessary. I ask Allah to accept the fruitful deeds of the shuhadā’ who ter- rorized the crusaders of America, France, Canada, Australia, Germany, and Belgium. 
Finally, remember what Allah said, {O you who have believed, whoever of you should revert from his religion – Allah will bring forth [in place of them] a people He will love and who will love Him [who are] humble toward the believers, mighty against the disbelievers; they strive in the cause of Allah and do not fear the blame of a critic. That is the favor of Allah; He bestows it upon whom He wills. And Allah is all-Encompassing and Knowing} [Al- Mā’idah: 54]. 
In a poll, “42 per cent of respondents express opposition to cartoon depictions of the Prophet Muhammad,” says Zachary Davies Boren in his article. This is just after Charlie Hebdo, which normally sells around 60,000 per issue, printed seven million to cope with public demand after the Paris attacks. And what did they put on the cover? Another cartoon of the Prophet Muhammad! Suddenly, hundreds of thousands of Muslims all over the world took angrily to the streets in protest. And who knows how many others will plan out more attacks against Europe? 
British leader David Cameron waded as he always does after the fact, saying, “Anyone, frankly, reading this letter, who has a problem with it, I think really has a problem. What he is saying is that British Muslims make a great contribution to our country, that what is happening in terms of extremist terror has nothing to do with the true religion of Islam. It’s being perverted by a minority who have been radicalized. Frankly, all of us have a responsibility to try and confront this radicalization, and make sure we stop young people being drawn into this poisonous, fanatical death cult that a very small minority of people have created.” 
And yet, as politicians and leaders, they have the platform to spread their opinions and influence millions of others. It’s the same rubbish we hear from Obama, Hollande, Netanyahu, and the others time and again, the old “the Islamic State is not Islamic” diatribe. How Islam is great, we really like Muslims, but only “Muslims” who conform to our definition of what a “Muslim” should be, who fits neatly into the definition of a working democracy. And whoever does not conform to this new definition of “Muslim” will be persecuted. 
Governments are breeding more anger every single day with their increasingly hawkish viewpoints that simply do not work in the real world. They refuse to change or adapt. Confronted with a complex, developing situation that needs to be addressed intelligently or differently, Western governments just revert to form, and use heavy-handed police tactics or support military intervention abroad when it is exactly those responses that have been making the situation worse for decades. 
Their response is often violently reactionary instead of forward-thinking. Following the attacks the French government responded by flooding the streets with troops and tanks, a completely pointless move that will only raise panic levels amongst its citizens. Following the capture of a Jordanian pilot by the Islamic State, the coalition responded by launching a night of intensive airstrikes on the city of ar-Raqqah in Syria that will only prompt the mujāhidīn to shoot down more aircraft and execute more pilots. 
Just as politicians failed to spot the explosive growth of the Islamic State last year, so they failed to anticipate a surge of attacks on their home soil and are completely behind the curve on addressing the situation. The horse bolted a long time ago and the governments are only now trying to slam the stable door shut. But again, that is hardly surprising since it’s their meddling that created this dangerous cocktail in the first place. 
In taking a course of belligerence, governments have set themselves down a deadly path. Every bomb dropped in Syria or Iraq serves as a recruitment tool for the Islamic State. It’s an unwise course of action when there are millions of Muslims living in those very same countries who may not be slow in coming forward to the call of jihād, and one that has irrefutably led to the situation that is now blowing up in their faces both at home and abroad. 
“We are aware of the release of another video and are studying its contents,” a Foreign Office spokesman will say. Awesome. Good job. Family and friends have done far more for the other Britons and myself who were imprisoned out here. I’m even aware of an online campaign that’s been launched by some of my old friends to try and get my story represented before the government. Thanks guys, I hope it has some effect but really, asking the government to help when it’s they who set the rules in the first place may prove fruitless. 
To them also I say thank you, thank you so much for your tireless efforts. But let it go. Leave it be and get on with your lives, all of you. What can the remnants of one family, smashed and emotionally exhausted after two years of searching, be expected to do by themselves while the government, so full of intelligence officials, think tanks, and pompous men in suits, sits back impassively and does nothing? 
If you don’t fit into one of the neat slots government has created for you, then you’ve fallen through the mesh of regular society and will either have your name on a list or be stoically ignored as the situation dictates. And it’s not just the politicians. The media too can sadly be remarkably indifferent in their approach. This makes sense when you remember that the majority of the print media are right-wing today also (in the UK, the Telegraph, Times, Daily Mail, Sunday Times, and The Sun are all batting for the Conservatives) and so all feed into the same system. Very few reports look at the bigger picture or ask questions like, “Should the government have helped more?” Or, “Can 
“John Cantlie, 43, plays the role of TV correspondent in the video walking around Mosul in what appears to be an attempt by the militants to show that life is ‘business as usual’ in the ISIS-controlled city in northern Iraq,” said Mashable on 3rd January. “Intended to show that life is carrying on as normal in the Jihadist controlled city of Mosul, it is produced in the style of a television travelogue akin to those used on holiday programmes,” said The Telegraph on 3rd January. 
In many reports there’s little commentary or analysis, just “Cantlie does another film and talks about this and that.” It’s great that the media think my situation is worth commenting on if it makes people think beyond the obvious but surely the point of journalism – and there are some very good journalists out there – is always to go a little deeper than surface level. The specter of my death is always mentioned in news articles and I’ve read the same thing so many times that I have a sneaking suspicion the media can’t wait for me to be executed. I believe it’ll make their day if I have my head chopped off. 
The one sphere which does seem to ask intelligent questions and try looking at the bigger picture is the public. The changing face of media in the last 10 years means the public don’t have to rely on the same media that they’ve become so tired of over the years, and generate their own, which is often much faster, always more interesting, and sometimes more reliable. Everyday people are more open- minded to a developing world and the things that happen inside it and less controlled by the meddling of government in what they read. In many ways, social media has become a more powerful tool than “real” media, as long as you’re not hypnotized by the illusory trends that social media can sometimes wrongly convey. 
Interesting, thought-provoking stuff, people asking tough questions and airing ideas that are nowhere to be seen in the mainstream media. The truth of the matter, for anyone who is interested, is that I’m making the most of my situation. Way back in September I said I would speak out against our deceitful governments for as long as the mujāhidīn allowed me to live, and now in February that still remains the case. 
If the mujāhidīn ask me to shoot a video or write an article that in some small way sticks it to a political system that simply doesn’t care about its citizens, despite endlessly saying the contrary, then I jump at the chance. I’ve seen dozens of videos of Cameron saying how much he values the lives of the British public, but actions sometimes speak louder than words and that isn’t what I’ve witnessed when it comes to the families of British citizens held in Syria. 
It’s a strange thing, to harbor real anger towards your government. For me it’s a new sensation, politics never touched me before because I lived blissfully under the radar. I’d never voted in my life because I figured that all politicians were, by nature, public school liars who would just say whatever needed to be said to get into power and then do exactly the same as the leader before them except wearing a different-colored tie. 
I don’t think so. _____________ 1 Editor’s Note: The major evil found in voting within the democratic system is not due to the false promises of the two-faced politicians, rather due to what it entails of ascribing the rights and attributes of Allah – including the right of legislation – to men. Accordingly, it is a form of major shirk. {Or do they have deities who have legislated for them a religion which Allah has not permitted? But if not for the decisive word, it would have been concluded between them. And indeed, the wrongdoers will have a painful punishment} [Ash-Shūrā: 21]. 
Abū Hurayrah (radiyallāhu ‘anh) said, “The Prophet (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) said, ‘Have you heard of a city [Cons- tantinople] a side of which is on the land and a side of which is on the sea?’ They said, ‘Yes, O Rasūlullāh.’ He said, ‘The Hour will not be established until seventy thousand from the Children of Ishāq attack it. When they’ve reached it and camped, they do not fight with arms nor do they shoot arrows. They say ‘lā ilāha illallāh wallāhu akbar’ (there is no god but Allah, and Allah is the greatest), and thus one side of the city falls. Then they say a second time ‘lā ilāha illallāh wallāhu akbar,’ and thus the other side falls. Then they say a third time, ‘lā ilāha illallāh wallāhu akbar,’ so a breach is made for them, and thus they enter the city and collect ghanīmah. While they are dividing the ghanīmah, a shout reaches them saying ‘The Dajjāl has emerged.’ So they leave everything and return.” [Sahīh Muslim] 
Shaykh Abū Mus’ab az-Zarqāwī (rahimahullāh) said, “We do not perform jihād here for a fistful of dirt or an illusory border drawn up by Sykes and Picot. Similarly, we do not perform jihād for a Western tāghūt to take the place of an Arab tāghūt. Rather our jihād is loftier and more superior. We perform jihād so that Allah’s word becomes supreme and that the religion becomes completely for Allah. {And fight them until there is no fitnah and [until] the religion, all of it, is for Allah} [Al-Anfāl: 39]. Everyone who opposes this goal or stands in the path of this goal is an enemy for us and a target for our swords, whatever his name may be and whatever his lineage may be. We have a religion that Allah revealed to be a scale and a judge. Its statement is decisive and its judgment is not amusement. It is the kinship between us and the people, for our scales – by Allah’s grace – are divine, our laws are Qur’ānic, and our judgments are upon the prophetic tradition. The American Muslim is our beloved brother. And the kāfir Arab is our despised enemy even if we and he were to have shared the same womb” [Al-Mawqif ash-Shar’ī min Hukūmat Karazay al-‘Irāq]. 
The Khalīfah (hafidhahullāh) said, “O Muslims everywhere, glad tidings to you and expect good. Raise your heads high, for today – by Allah’s grace – you have a state and khilāfah, which will return your dignity, might, rights, and leadership. It is a state where the Arab and non-Arab, the white man and black man, the easterner and westerner are all brothers. It is a khilāfah that gathered the Caucasian, Indian, Chinese, Shāmī, Iraqi, Yemeni, Egyptian, Maghribī (North African), American, French, German, and Australian. Allah brought their hearts together, and thus, they became brothers by His grace, loving each other for the sake of Allah, standing in a single trench, defending and guarding each other, and sacrificing themselves for one another. Their blood mixed and became one, under a single flag and goal, in one pavilion, enjoying this blessing, the blessing of faithful brotherhood. If kings were to taste this blessing, they would abandon their kingdoms and fight over this grace. All praise and thanks are due to Allah. Therefore, rush O Muslims to your state. Yes, it is your state. Rush, because Syria is not for the Syrians and Iraq is not for the Iraqis. The Earth is Allah’s. {Indeed, the Earth belongs to Allah. He causes to inherit it whom He wills of His servants. And the [best] outcome is for the righteous} [Al- A’rāf: 128]. The State is a state for all Muslims. The land is for the Muslims, all the Muslims” [A Message to the Mujāhidīn and the Muslim Ummah in the Month of Ramadān]. 
Nationalism, patriotism, tribalism, and revolutionism were never the driving forces inside the heart of the muwahhid mujāhid. For him to lose his tongue would be more beloved to him than to voluntarily utter slogans of nationalist Jāhiliyyah. Rather, the banners of nationalism are beneath his dusty feet, as they oppose Tawhīd and the Sharī’ah and represent the kufrī and shirkī ideologies brought to the Muslim world by the two crusaders: Sykes and Picot. 
regardless of their religion, it does not discriminate between them accordingly, it limits the religion to a nationalist border, and it prohibits its expansion beyond. For these reasons, nationalism was innovated by the West, as through it, they elevated their dhimmī brethren, empowered apostasy in the Muslims’ lands, divided and conquered the Muslim peoples, and defended the crusaders’ lands from offensive jihād. 
And the Muslims were ordered to fight everyone that stands in the way of this religion becoming manifest over all others, not to terminate its expansion upon reaching national borders. {It is He who has sent His Messenger with guidance and the religion of truth to manifest it over all religion, even if the mushrikīn despise such} [At-Tawbah: 33]. {And fight them until there is no fitnah and [until] the religion, all of it, is for Allah. And if they cease – then indeed, Allah is Seeing of what they do} [Al-Anfāl: 39]. 
It was the rejection of nationalism that drove the mujāhidīn in Nigeria to give bay’ah to the Islamic State and wage war against the Nigerian murtaddīn fighting for the Nigerian tāghūt. It was the rejection of nationalism that drove two Tunisian soldiers of the Khilāfah to kill crusaders with visas to Tunisia issued by the Tunisian tāghūt. It was the rejection of nationalism that drove five Yemeni soldiers of the Khilāfah to target Yemeni Rāfidah in Sanaa and Sa’dah. It was the rejection of nationalism that drove the Iraqi, Shāmī, and muhājir soldiers of the Islamic State to wage war against the Iraqi Sahwah and the Syrian Sahwah, after the Sahwāt had betrayed Islam and the Muslims. It was the rejection of nationalism that drove the Libyan and muhājir soldiers of the Islamic State to wage war against the newly erected Libyan tawāghīt: the House of Representatives and the 
General National Congress. It was the rejection of nationalism that drove the Islamic State to expand from Iraq into Shām and thereafter to other lands: West Africa, Algeria, Libya, Khurāsān, Sinai, Yemen, and the Arabian Peninsula. And it is the rejection of nationalism that will drive the Khilāfah to continue expanding until it takes Constantinople and Rome from the Crusaders and their allies by Allah’s permission… 
The Khalīfah (hafidhahullāh) said, “Let the world know that we are living today in a new era. Whoever was heedless must now be alert. Whoever was sleeping must now awaken. Whoever was shocked and startled must comprehend. The Muslims today have a loud, thundering statement, and possess heavy boots. They have a statement that will cause the world to hear and understand the meaning of terrorism, and boots that will trample the idol of nationalism, destroy the idol of democracy, and uncover its deviant nature” [A Message to the Mujāhidīn and the Muslim Ummah in the Month of Ramadān]. 
Abū Ramadān did not let national borders and skies stop him. He did not let a “citizenship” he disbelieved in prevent him from obeying his Lord, defending his Prophet’s honor (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam), and retaliating for his brethren in the Khilāfah. Rather, his own blood and soul were valueless for him to sacrifice for his religion and its expanding body. He gathered what he could of arms, surveyed targets, relied upon his Lord, and executed his brave and selfless attack, terrorizing the Christians, Jews, and atheists of Denmark 
Abū Hamzah al-Muhājir (rahimahullāh) said in his advice to the nationalist factions of Iraq, “To those who fight for the sake of the nation and under the banner of patriotism and nationalism, I say, did not a man come to Rasūlullāh (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam), as reported by al-Bukhārī and Muslim on the authority of Abū Mūsā (radiyallāhu ‘anh), and say, ‘O Rasūlullāh, what is fighting fī sabīlillāh? One of us might fight out of ghadab (anger) or fight out of hamiyyah (zeal).’ So the Prophet (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) lifted his head towards him and said, ‘Whoever fights so that the word of Allah becomes supreme, then he has fought fī sabīlillāh (‘azza wa jall).’ An-Nawawī, Ibn Hajar, and others said that hamiyyah is to fight out of pride, jealousy, or in defense of the clan. Rather, al-Hāfidh Ibn Hajar said in ‘Al-Fath,’ ‘It is possible that fighting out of hamiyyah could mean fighting to repel a harm and that fighting out of ghadab could mean fighting to attain a benefit.’ So has your fighting, O people, gone beyond what the 
Prophet (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) warned against? Rather, it is the full extent of your purpose, whereas what is demanded by Allah’s Sharī’ah is just as al-Hāfidh Ibn Hajar said in ‘Al- Fath,’ ‘Fighting is not fī sabīlillāh unless the only purpose of his fighting is to make Allah’s word supreme.’ Liberating the nation and other goals enter into this as a consequence but not as the purpose. You have known the harm in this form of fighting, as most of the Arab rulers today came to power after wars under the banners of nationalism. How do you see the outcome? Is it not loss in the Dunyā and Hereafter?” [The Second Interview]. 
made you peoples and tribes that you may know one another. Indeed, the most noble of you in the sight of Allah is the most righteous of you} [Al-Hujurāt: 13]. Second, it contradicts the creed of walā’ and barā’ – a great fundamental of the religion – and uproots it. The Arab Iraqi Christian is their brother who has all rights whereas the Indian or Turkish Muslim has no rights. The Sharī’ah of these people necessitates preferring ‘Uqbah Ibn Abī Mu’ayt and Abū Jahl to Bilāl the Ethiopian and Salmān the Persian. Third, it opposes the bond between the believers. Rasūlullāh (sallallāhu ‘alahyi wa sallam) said, ‘The believer to the believer is like a building, each part holding up the other’ [Reported by al-Bukhārī and Muslim on the authority of Abū Mūsā al-Ash’arī]. He (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) also said, ‘The example of the believers with regards to their love, mercy, and sympathy is like that of a single body, if a limb feels pain, the rest of the body responds to it with sleeplessness and fever’ [Reported by al-Bukhārī and Muslim on the authority of an-Nu’mān Ibn Bashīr]. … Fourth, it is based upon the da’wah to jāhiliyyah and partisanship. Allah (ta’ālā) said, {When those who disbelieved had put into their hearts hamiyyah – the hamiyyah of Jāhiliyyah} [Al-Fath: 26]. Rasūlullāh (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) said, ‘Whoever calls to ‘asabiyyah (factionalism) is not one of us’ [Reported by Abū Dāwūd on the authority of Jubayr Ibn Mut’im]” [Adhillah ‘Alal- Mu’minīn A’izzah ‘Alal-Kāfirīn]. 
Amīrul-Mu’minīn Abū ‘Umar al-Baghdādī (rahimahullāh) also said, “Sadly, some of the fledglings of secularism spread the occupation’s lie, formulated a basis for it, argued in favor of it, and raised the banner of blindness in the name of nationalism and patriotism, both of which are exactly what the Magian state constitution entails. They made the resources of Iraq – especially the water and oil – the property of those who possess Iraqi citizenship! So what if Rasūlullāh (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) were to migrate to our lands? Indeed, he (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) migrated to a land other than his and settled in a home other than his. 
So are those resources halāl for him and his Companions in accordance with the doctrine of these people? No. As for him (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) and the muhājirīn after him having authority and leadership, then for that to occur would necessitate facing the harshest of opposition from these people! How not, when these people are those who said, ‘Iraq is for all the Iraqis and its resources are the property of all the Iraqis.’ Yes, for all of the Iraqis, even if they are from the Yazīdī devil worshippers or Sabian Mandaeans. All of them according to them have equal rights whether he is a Sunnī Muslim or Rāfidī Magian! It does not concern him whether this Iraqi worships our Glorious Lord or a rebellious devil. His right will be protected! O muwahhidīn, our creed is that a Muslim is our brother even if he is a Filipino Asian and that the devil worshipper is our enemy even if he is definitely Iraqi” [Fa’ammaz-Zabadu Fayadhhabu Jufā’ā]. 
On “25 December 2014,” the Shāmiyyah Front was announced in Aleppo. It consists of the “Islamic” Front, the Army of “Mujāhidīn,” the “Nūr ad-Dīn Zinkī” Movement, “Fastaqim Kamā Umirt,” the Authenticity and Development Front, and most recently, the Hazm Movement. Most of these factions are members of the nationalist Syrian Revolutionary Command Council. All these factions receive supposedly “unconditional” aid from either the Gulf regimes, the CIA, the Syrian National Coalition, or the Free Syrian Army (FSA) Supreme Military Council while “not belonging” to any of them. In “February 2015,” the new front agreed with the Kurdish Autonomous Democratic Administration and the People’s Protection Units (YPG) – the armed branch of the Democratic Union Party (PYD), which is the Syrian branch of the Kurdistan Workers’ Party (PKK) – to implement the Sharī’ah in ‘Afrīn! How exactly the nationalist “Islamists” plan to implement the “Sharī’ah” alongside Marxist and democratic secularists is unfathomable. One question to ask them is whether or not the crusader planes backing the PKK in ‘Ayn al-Islām will aid in the implementation of the “Sharī’ah”… 
sound understanding of īmān and wāqi’ (current affairs), it was unclear to the jihād claimants of Shām (the Jawlānī front). These deviants instead fought against the Islamic State alongside the Sahwah factions that later formed the Shāmiyyah Front while claiming these factions were battalions of sincere mujāhidīn. The “sincerity” with which the Jawlānī front insists upon describing these factions is becoming clearer by the day. 
The scenario of nationalist “Islamism” working together alongside nationalist secularism to set up a nationalist government with elements of “Islam” and democracy within a constitutional framework is the same scenario that Egypt, Libya, and Tunisia have experienced. The crusaders, expecting the eventual division of the two sides over the cake, sit back and wait to support the side more favorable towards their interests against the other. The two sides compete to display more and more apostasy so as to win the favor of the crusaders and their allies – the Arab tawāghīt. 
“Sixth, it is clear to all of us that the Syrian revolution faces the coalition of the most arrogant regimes of terrorism in the region. This coalition is led by Iran, which has occupied a number of regions in Syria. At the same time, the world community and its organizations have abandoned their responsibility to fulfill their moral and legal obligations to stop the ongoing massacre against the Syrian people, which has been going on for four years. They did not protect the peaceful civilians who went out in enormous protests throughout the first year of the revolution.” 
“Eighth, the Shāmiyyah Front believes that Demistora’s proposal does not present a plan as a political solution for Syria, nor did he present a written document, rather he proposes a ceasefire in Aleppo to save the regime from its continuous defeats and give the regime a chance to exterminate Douma, Daraa, and all the other Syrian regions. Demistora wants to jump over the decrees of the Geneva I and II Conferences on Syria, which the revolutionists had agreed to under the condition that its first decree be the change of the criminal regime and the transition to a free and independent Syria. O brothers, this emphasizes for us the importance of issuing a unified standpoint towards Demistora’s proposals and others’, not divided standpoints, because it is a responsibility for all of us before the blood of the martyrs and the masses of the Syrian revolution.” 
“Tenth, we thank the brothers attending, and we thank the brothers in the Syrian National Coalition and in the Syrian Interim Government. We ask them to continue to provide the constant and organized support for the revolutionists in Aleppo and to work continuously with the allies and friends of the Syrian people so that they do not cut off or reduce this support and thus the criminal machine can thereby continue to be confronted. We also reaffirm to the masses of our people that we will continue with Allah’s support to either attain martyrdom or achieve victory. Finally, we salute this gathering, which we hope becomes a unified front for the revolution encompassing all of the city of Aleppo and beyond it, all the Syrian lands, for there is a definite reality that when we unite, the regime will collapse. And finally, we thank you all.” 
The questions that every follower of the jihād claimants should ask are: Why did the leadership of the Jawlānī front ally with these factions against the Islamic State? What is the ruling of those who entered into different operations rooms and alliances with these and worse factions against the Islamic State? What is the ruling of those who have cooperated and coordinated with these and worse factions against the Islamic State? Why do these factions publically make blatant statements of jāhilī nationalism – many of their statements being kufr – yet the Jawlānī front continues to ignore these mistakes and not denounce them publically (sometimes even defending them!) and instead focuses its media campaign against the Islamic State? Are the mistakes of the nationalists insignificant compared to the supposed “mistakes” of the Islamic State! 
Finally, what is the real difference between Hazm and Syria Revolutionaries Front (former Jawlānī front allies) and between the Army of “Mujāhidīn,” “Zinkī,” “Fastaqim Kamā Umirt,” the Authenticity and Development Front, and the various factions of the “Islamic” Front? Is it just centimeters of beard length and the superficial differences between Morsi and Sisi, both of whom ruled by tāghūt law and led campaigns against the mujāhidīn of Sinai? 
The Jawlānī front will find that its betrayal of the muhājirīn and ansār of the Islamic State will end up in the Sahwah’s betrayal of the Jawlānī front, and some of this has already begun… ______________ 1 These Sahwah factions of apostasy kill the people of Islam (the muhājirīn and ansār of the Islamic State whom they label Khawārij) and leave the people of idolatry alone (the murtaddīn of the Syrian National Coalition and Syrian Interim Government whom they call brothers)! 
people concerning them. They all counseled him to accept prayer from them and leave zakāh up to them. So he said, ‘By Allah, if they were to withhold a short rope that they used to give Rasūlullāh (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam), I would wage jihād against them.’ If not for what Abū Bakr had done, the people would have practiced ilhād (heresy) concerning zakāh until Resurrection Day” [Tārīkh Dimashq]. 
‘Umar (radiyallāhu ‘anh) said, “By Allah, a day or night of Abū Bakr’s (radiyallāhu ‘anh) is better than ‘Umar and the family of ‘Umar since they were born … As for the day then it was the day that Rasūlullāh (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) passed away and those who apostatized from the Arabs apostatized and said, ‘We will pray but not give zakāh nor collect it. So I came to him never neglecting to advise him. I said, ‘O Khalīfah of Rasūlullāh, attract the people and be soft with them, for it is as if they’ve been deserted.’ So he said, ‘I had hoped for your support and you came with your forsaking? Are you severe in Jāhiliyyah and cowardly in Islam? With what may I attract them? With contrived poetry or fabricated sorcery? That can never be! The Prophet (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) passed away, the revelation has ceased, and the religion has been completed. Shall it decrease while I am still alive! By Allah, I will wage jihād 
(sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa Abū Hurayrah (radiyallāhu ‘anh) said, “When Rasūlullāh sallam) passed away, Abū Bakr was appointed khalīfah after him, and the Arabs apostatized, ‘Umar (radiyallāhu ‘anh) said, ‘How can you fight the people when Rasūlullāh (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) has said, ‘I was ordered to fight the people until they say, ‘There is no god but Allah.’ So whoever says it, then his wealth and blood is saved from me except by its due right, and their judgment is for Allah.’’ Abū Bakr said, ‘By Allah, I will fight those who differentiate between prayer and zakāh, for zakāh is from the right due upon wealth. By Allah, if they were to resist giving me a short rope that they used to give to Rasūlullāh (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam), I would fight them over their resistance to giving it.’ ‘Umar (radiyallāhu ‘anh) said, ‘By Allah, as soon as I saw that Allah opened Abū Bakr’s heart (radiyallāhu ‘anh) towards war, I knew it to be the truth’” [Al-Bukhārī and Muslim]. 
On the 16th of Jumādā al-Ūlā the mujāhid Shaykh Abū Bakr Shekau (hafidhahullāh), leader of Jamā’at Ahlis-Sunnah lid-Da’wah wal-Jihād in West Africa, announced his group’s bay’ah to Amīrul-Mu’minīn Ibrāhīm Ibn ‘Awwād al- Qurashī. The bay’ah, which came on the heels of a widely successful campaign being waged by the mujāhidīn across Nigeria and into neighboring regions, was a tremendous cause of celebration for the Muslims and yet another source of gloom for the kuffār. 
The hearts of the Muslims were healed as they saw their brothers in West Africa terrorizing the Christians and the Nigerian army of murtaddīn, many of whom were forced to flee in disgrace and seek refuge in Chad. The kāfir media, meanwhile, having anticipated the unity of the West African mujāhidīn with the Islamic State, lamented the fact that such a relentless and aggressive force with a considerable level of consolidation, had resolved to take up the 
For years, the mujāhidīn of West Africa stood firm against the apostate and crusader forces who were attempting to wipe out any traces of Islam in the region. They stood firm in the face of slander and opposition by the evil scholars and other hypocrites. They stood firm when their leader, the mujāhid Shaykh Muhammad Yūsuf (rahimahullāh), was executed by the apostate Nigerian police. They did not fear the blame of any critics when they captured and enslaved hundreds of Christian girls, even as the crusader media machine put the brunt of its strength into focusing the world’s attention on the issue. They stood firm, so Allah increased their strength, hastened their victory, granted them consolidation, and humiliated their enemies. 
And what was their response to the favors and blessings of Allah? They showed their gratitude to Him through a deed even greater than those that they had already accomplished; they closed ranks with their brothers in the Islamic State, uniting upon the truth, pledging to listen to and obey Amīrul-Mu’minīn and to continue upon the path to raise high the word of Allah. Their bay’ah was acknowledged by the Islamic State, and the mujāhidīn of West Africa now guard yet another frontier of the Khilāfah. 
The Islamic State’s spokesman, Shaykh Abū Muhammad al-‘Adnānī (hafidhahullāh), said, “And we bring you the good news today of the Khilāfah’s expansion to West Africa, for the Khalīfah (hafidhahullāh) has accepted the pledge of allegiance made by our brothers in Jamā’at Ahlis-Sunnah lid-Da’wah wal-Jihād. We congratulate the Muslims and our mujāhid brothers in West Africa on their pledge of allegiance, and we congratulate them on joining the caravan of the Khilāfah. So rejoice, O Muslims, for this is a new door that Allah, the Mighty and Majestic, has opened so that you may migrate to the land of Islam and so that 
you may wage jihād. So whoever is stopped by the disbelieving rulers, and prevented from emigrating to Iraq, Shām, Yemen, the Arabian Peninsula, or Khurāsān, will not be prevented – by Allah’s permission – from emigrating to Africa. So come, O Muslims, to your State, for we call on you to mobilize for jihād and incite you and invite you to emigrate to your brothers in West Africa. And we specifically call upon the students of Islamic knowledge and the callers to Islam. Come forth, O Muslims, to the land of the Caliphate” [So They Kill and Are Killed]. 
Following the announcement of the bay’ah, and its acceptance by the Islamic State, the Muslims in the various regions of the Khilāfah took to the streets in celebration, for nothing brings greater joy to the believers than to see their brothers unite with them under one banner and one imām, pledging to wage war against kufr until the religion is entirely for Allah. The condition of the mujāhidīn in West Africa was a condition of unity upon tawhīd, which saw them rallying behind one leader from amongst them to wage war against kufr and implement the Sharī’ah in their land. So when they saw the Muslims, 
and especially the mujāhidīn around the world, uniting behind the Khalīfah to raise high the word of Allah they did likewise, not for wealth, fame, or power, but for something much greater. Echoing the words of the mujāhidīn of Libya, they said, “We pledged allegiance because the goodness of this Ummah, concerning both its religious and worldly affairs, will not be achieved except with a leader who governs the people by Allah’s law, forces the violators back to the truth, and wages war against those who are obstinately resistant and against those who obstruct the people from the religion of Allah. This is the foundation of the religion – a book that guides and a sword that aids. {And sufficient is your Lord as a guide and a helper} [Al-Furqān: 31].” 
The mujāhidīn in West Africa continue to wage jihād against the enemies of Allah in a land that contains a large population of hostile crusaders. The Christian masses in Nigeria, mostly contained in the southern portion of the country and comprising less than half of the population, have not shied away from massacring the Muslims of West Africa. Despite crusader hostility, however, the mujāhidīn carried the banner of tawhīd, calling to the 
They continue upon this path today under the banner of the Khilāfah, even as the forces of kufr redouble their efforts to stop their advance across West Africa, for no sooner had they declared their bay’ah than they were faced with a combined and aggressive air and ground offensive launched by the murtadd forces of Chad and Niger. This is in addition to the troops recently deployed from Cameroon, as well as mercenaries, and even the French crusaders based in Chad, all attempting to stop the mujāhidīn’s liberation of West Africa. 
This month, the soldiers of the Khilāfah sent a forceful message to the camp of kufr and riddah, striking and terrorizing them in multiple lands, and with no visas, borders, and passports to stand in the way. Strikes were carried out in Yemen and Tunisia by men whose allegiance lies, not with a false citizenship, but with Allah, His Messenger, and the believers. They readily sacrificed themselves for the cause of Allah in their own lands, bringing massacre to the disbelievers and murtaddīn, not differentiating between them on grounds of nationalism. 
In the city of Tunis, two soldiers of the Islamic State carried out an assault on kāfir tourists in the Bardo National Museum. The two mujāhidīn, Abū Zakariyyā at-Tūnusī and Abū Anas at-Tūnusī, were sent on their mission after having trained with their brothers in Libya and having declared their bay’ah to the Khalīfah (hafidhahullāh). They returned to Tunisia, bravely advanced towards the security quarter in Tunis, entered the museum – located across from the Tunisian parliament – and poured terror on the kuffār inside, killing more than 20 of them and injuring a dozen others. They then faced off against the local murtadd security forces with their AK assault rifles, hand grenades, and explosive belts, and were killed fī sabīlillāh. 
On the heels of this blessed operation in Sanaa and Sa’dah, the Yemenī branch of al-Qā’idah came out and exposed its two-faced nature by denouncing the attack and reaffirming their adherence to Dhawāhiri’s guidelines, as if to imply that the Islamic State’s operation was carried out against Sunnis in a public place of gathering not specific to the Houthis, when in reality the opposite was true. When one contrasts this blessed operation with al-Qā’idah’s attack on a Houthi rally in Tahrir Square in Sanaa last fall, the blatant hypocrisy becomes evident: Is it permissible for Al-Qa’idah – according to Dhawāhiri’s feeble guidelines – to bomb a Houthi rally in a public square, but forbidden for the Islamic State to bomb a Houthi gathering in a Houthi temple? Or is this distinction based on blind partisanship? 
of Houthi leaders, and also injured hundreds more. At around the same time, a fifth mujāhid carried out an operation in Sa’dah, targeting a Houthi government building and detonating his explosives. Only days after the operations, the Americans announced that they had pulled the last of their special forces out of Yemen. These operations brought back memories of the blessed attacks ordered by Shaykh Abū Mus’ab az-Zarqāwī (rahimahullāh), targeting the Iraqi Rāfidah and killing their cleric Muhammad Bāqir al-Hakīm. 
As the mujāhidīn of the Islamic State continue their march against the forces of kufr there is a new generation waiting in the wings, eagerly anticipating the day that it is called upon to take up the banner of īmān. These are the children of the Ummah of jihād, a generation raised in the lands of malāhim (fierce battles) and nurtured under the shade of Sharī’ah, just a stone’s throw from the frontlines. 
The Islamic State has taken it upon itself to fulfill the Ummah’s duty towards this generation in preparing it to face the crusaders and their allies in defense of Islam and to raise high the word of Allah in every land. It has established institutes for these ashbāl (lion cubs) to train and hone their military skills, and to teach them the book of Allah and the Sunnah of His Messenger (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam). It is these young lions to whom the Islamic State recently handed over two agents caught spying for Russian Intelligence and an agent caught spying for the Israeli Mossad, to be executed and displayed as an example to anyone else thinking of infiltrating the mujāhidīn. 
As expected, the kuffār were up in arms about the Khilāfah’s use of “child soldiers.” Yet this was the Sunnah of Allah’s Messenger (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam), who would allow those capable from amongst the young Sahābah to participate in his battles against the mushrikīn. It was two young boys from the Ansār who struck down Abū Jahl in the battle of Badr. And just as the children of the Sahābah stained their swords with the blood of yesterday’s tāghūt, the Fir’awn of the Ummah, so too will the children of the Khilāfah stain their bullets with the blood of today’s tawāghīt, bi idhnillāh. 
Last month, the soldiers of the Khilāfah, with sledgehammers in hand, revived the Sunnah of their father Ibrāhīm (‘alayhis-salām) when they laid waste to the shirkī legacy of a nation that had long passed from the face of the Earth. They entered the ruins of the ancient Assyrians in Wilāyat Nīnawā and demolished their statues, sculptures, and engravings of idols and kings. This caused an outcry from the enemies of the Islamic State, who were furious at losing a “treasured heritage.” The mujāhidīn, however, were not the least bit concerned about the feelings and sentiments of the kuffār, just as Ibrāhīm was not concerned about the 
With the kuffār up in arms over the large-scale destruction at the hands of the Islamic State, the actions of the mujāhidīn had not only emulated Ibrāhīm’s (‘alayhis-salām) destruction of the idols of his people and Prophet Muhammad’s (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) destruction of the idols present around the Ka’bah when he conquered Makkah, but had also served to enrage the kuffār, a deed that in itself is beloved to Allah. 
Such nations were destroyed for worshipping others besides Allah and rejecting his prophets. Their disbelief and enmity towards the truth reached the extent that they even had the audacity to mock the prophets and the signs and miracles that they displayed, and even threaten to kill them. So Allah humiliated them and left their dwellings on display to be seen by the generations that would come after them, not to gaze upon them with admiration, but to look at them with disgust and hatred, coupled with the fear of falling into shirk and being afflicted with the same punishment they had tasted. And in this regard, there are notable words spoken by (‘alayhis-salām) who, despite being amongst the greatest of Allah’s messengers and becoming known for his bold stance against the shirk of his people, deemed it necessary to seek Allah’s protection from the evil of shirk. Ibrāhīm 
During the uprising against the Libyan tāghūt Gaddafi in 1432AH a number of deviant individuals gathered together in the city of Benghazi to form and subsequently gain Western support for a political entity that would carry the kufrī banner of democracy. This entity, known as the National Transitional Council (NTC), would pave the way for the formation of a new puppet government and the appointment of yet another tāghūt to replace the former tāghūt. 
Following the extermination of the Libyan clown Gaddafi, the NTC continued its efforts to further corrupt the affairs of the people. It introduced a new kufrī constitution to replace Gaddafi’s own kufrī manifesto, and held elections to appoint members to the General National Congress (GNC). The GNC was the legislative authority that would hold the “power” to introduce even more manmade laws. This set the stage for the democratic “Islamists” on the manhaj of the bankrupt “Muslim” Brotherhood to take control of the government by fielding candidates to run in the shirkī democratic elections. With the GNC under their control, the democratic “Islamists” and their secularist allies put the rule of Allah to a vote, seeking to cut up and implement bits and pieces of “Sharī’ah” upon the filthy, conflicting, and hostile foundation of democracy, although 
The “Islamist”-dominated GNC voted to implement a butchered form of “Sharī’ah,” but the hardcore secularists and their crusader backers wouldn’t stand for it. Just as they couldn’t tolerate the pure Islam being fought for by the sincere mujāhidīn in Libya, the crusaders couldn’t accept the distorted and diluted version of “Islam” being practiced by the murtadd democratic “Islamists.” So the crusaders set loose their more devoted allies – the more secular of the two groups – and by Allah’s grace the divided camp of kufr began devouring itself. On one side, the secularist murtaddīn rallied behind the crusaders’ newest asset, Khalifa Haftar, who launched “Operation Dignity” to take back control of the country and place it in the hands of the hardcore secularists, who make up the bulk of the House of Representatives. On the other side, armed groups loyal to the democratic murtaddīn rallied behind the GNC under the banner of the “Libyan Dawn” and fought back against Haftar’s campaign in an effort to maintain their grip on power, eventually capturing the airport in Tarābulus. Some of the factions belonging to 
Having unified their strength and rallied behind the banner of the Khilāfah, the mujāhidīn of Libya intensified their campaign against both factions of riddah, after these factions had betrayed the religion and its people. The mujāhidīn had no need to distinguish between those who betrayed Islam by adopting the kufr of secularism, and those who betrayed Islam by adopting the kufr of democracy, for both factions had entered the camp of kufr. 
As the battle in Libya continues to intensify, the Islamic State enjoys greater consolidation. The hukm of Allah is established, the needs of the Muslims are cared for, and the armies of the Khilāfah continue marching forward to liberate new regions. Libya has become an ideal land of hijrah for those who find difficulty making their way to Shām, particularly those of our brothers and sisters in Africa. 
OF TWO NEW WILĀYĀT IN IRAQ Last month, prior to the Islamic State’s declaration of its expansion to West Africa, came the announcement of two new wilāyāt in Iraq following an administrative restructuring of the areas south and west of Mosul. The first, Wilāyat al-Jazīrah, encompasses the areas of Sinjār, Tal ‘Abtah, al-Mahlabiyyah, Tal ‘Afar, Zummār, Ba’’āj, and elsewhere. The second, Wilāyat Dijlah, is named after the Dijlah (Tigris) River, which together with the Furāt (Euphrates) River, is the reason for Iraq being referred to as Bilād ar-Rāfidayn (the land of the two rivers). Wilāyat Dijlah encompasses the areas of Qayyārah, Sharqāt, al-Hadr, az-Zāb, and Hammām al-‘Alīl, as well as other areas south of Mosul. 
Shaykh Abū Talhah ‘Abdur-Ra’ūf Khādim al- Khurāsānī (rahimahullāh), also known as Mullā Khādim, was born in Helmand in the village of Adhān. He began his study of the shar’ī sciences at a young age due to his strong desire to learn the religion. He then joined the caravan of jihād, opening a new chapter of his life. Shaykh Abū Talhah joined Muhammad ‘Umar (head of the Taliban) whom he then worked with together in hisbah (commanding the good and forbidding the evil), and he used to consider hisbah work to be an important part of his life. 
After sometime and by Allah’s grace, Kabul was liberated, and the Shaykh was injured by a tank shell in a battle in Shār Āsiyāt and lost his leg. This was a great sacrifice for the cause of Allah on the battlefield. He was appointed by the Taliban as the director of the military college in Kabul, and also went on to play an important role as a field commander on the frontlines during the crusader invasion of Afghanistan. He was captured by the Americans in one of the battles and was amongst a number of prisoners who were transferred to Guantanamo where he was imprisoned for six and a half years in 
His time in prison, however, served as a period for him to further seek knowledge and review the sound ‘aqīdah of Ahlus-Sunnah. He was initially upon the Deobandi ‘aqīdah, which encompassed deviations concerning Allah’s names and attributes and other aspects of faith (including irjā’). He abandoned this, adopted the pure Sunnah, and thereafter, strived throughout the remainder of his life to call the people to this great blessing. 
After being released from his imprisonment in Kabul, he rejoined the Taliban and became a member of their shūrā council. He was also appointed as the wālī over 14 of the Afghan wilāyāt. He was active in da’wah, calling the people to the ‘aqīdah of tawhīd, and as a result he was subsequently dismissed from his position as wālī, as the ‘aqīdah of tawhīd conflicted with the Deobandi ‘aqīdah upheld by the bulk of the Taliban leadership. He remained 
tribal elders the announcement of After the Khurāsānī bay’ah, Shaykh Abū Talhah began touring the region in a caravan of the Khilāfah’s soldiers, calling the local tribes to give bay’ah to the Khalīfah. Numerous responded positively, extending their hands and declaring their oaths. Finally, upon hearing of Shaykh Abū Talhah’s presence in Adhān, the Deobandi partisans of the Taliban in the region set up roadblocks and checkpoints, preventing him from leaving the village until an American airstrike killed him along with five of his companions on Monday 21 Rabī’ al-Ākhir. Shaykh Abū Talhah thereby attained shahādah at the age of 45 after a life of jihād, hisbah, and da’wah. We consider him such and Allah is his judge. May Allah have mercy upon him and his companions in martyrdom. 
Shaykh Abū Talhah had long dreamed of seeing the re-establishment of the Khilāfah, as did many of the mujāhidīn who were fighting to achieve that very goal so that the Ummah’s glory would return. When the Khilāfah was announced, he was from amongst those brothers who eagerly hastened to declare their bay’ah and join the caravan of the Khilāfah. He alongside his brothers in Khurāsān presented what was required of 
Because hijrāh for Allah’s cause is a great matter, Allah revealed about it, {And the first forerunners among the Muhājirīn and the Ansār and those who followed them with good conduct – Allah is pleased with them and they are pleased with Him, and He has prepared for them gardens beneath which rivers flow, wherein they will abide forever. That is the great success} [At-Tawbah: 100]. Similarly, if not for the greatness of hijrah, the Prophet (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) would not have given it as an example in the hadīth “actions are according to intentions,” as he said, “So whoever’s hijrah is to Allah and His Messenger, then his hijrah is to Allah and His Messenger.” Hijrah from Makkah to al-Madīnah also represented a great event and important turning point in the prophetic mission, as it contained many great lessons. Rather, it was the greatest event in the history of Islam, and for this reason it was used as the basis for the Islamic calendar. 
Hijrah for Allah’s cause has many purposes, amongst them being to escape tribulations, fearing that one may fall into them and that his religion may be affected by them. Also, getting used to seeing kufr and shirk without changing it could lead to death of the heart, to the point that the person does not recognize Islam and its people. Also, from amongst the purposes of hijrah is to join the sides of the Muslims, support them, strengthen their forces, and wage jihād against the enemies of Allah and their enemies. 
Hijrah, as it was defined by Ibn Qudāmah is “to leave dārul-kufr for dārul-Islām” [Al-Mughnī]. Sa’d Ibn ‘Atīq (rahimahullāh) said, “It is migrating from the places of shirk and sin to the land of Islam and obedience” [Ad-Durar as-Saniyyah]. So dārul- Islām is the place ruled by Muslims, where the Islamic laws are executed, where authority is for the Muslims, even if the majority of its population are kuffār from ahlul-dhimmah. As for dārul-kufr, then it is the place ruled by kuffār, where the laws of kufr are executed, where authority is for the kuffār, even if the majority of the population are Muslims. 
Ibn Kathīr (rahimahullāh) said, “The āyah indicates the general obligation of hijrah. So everyone who lives amongst the mushrikīn while being able to perform hijrah and not being able to establish his religion, then he is wronging himself and committing sin. This is in accordance with ijmā’. Abū Dāwūd reported through his isnād on the authority of Samurah Ibn Jundub (radiyallāhu ‘anhumā) that Rasūlullāh (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) said, ‘Whoever gathers and lives with the mushrik, then he is like him.’” 
Also, if there were no evidences for the obligation of hijrah except the following ahādīth of the Prophet (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam), “Hijrah will not cease as long as there is repentance, and repentance will not cease until the sun rises from the West” [Reported by Abū Dāwūd], “Hijrah will not cease as long as there is jihād” [Reported by Imām Ahmad], “I have nothing to do with any Muslim who resides amongst the mushrikīn” [Reported by Abū Dāwūd and at- Tirmidhī], and, “Hijrah will not cease as long as the enemy is fought” [Reported by Imām Ahmad and an-Nasā’ī], it would suffice us to refute the doubts of the doubters and the rumors of the fearmongers. 
This ruling is an obligation upon women just as it is upon men, for Allah (ta’ālā), when excluding those incapable of performing hijrah, He excluded the incapable women just as He excluded the incapable men. Allah (ta’ālā) said, {Except for the oppressed among men, women and children who cannot devise a plan nor are they directed to a way – for those it is expected that Allah will pardon them, and Allah is ever Pardoning and Forgiving} [An- Nisā’: 98-99]. The Prophet (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) has also said, “Women are the twin halves of men” [Reported by Abū Dāwūd, at- Tirmidhī, and Ibn Mājah]. 
And today, after the Muslims established a state that rules by the Qur’ān and the Sunnah of the Prophet (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam), which expanded to wide territories larger than the areas of some of the states of Sykes and Picot, and whose blessed soldiers restored the promised khilāfah by the edge of the sword not through pacifism, the rate of hijrah magnified and now every day there are not only muhājirīn to the land of Islam but also muhājirāt who were sick of living amongst kufr and its people. As soon as the sun of their awaited state rose, they rushed to it alone and in groups from the eastern and western extents of the Earth. Their colors and tongues are different, but their hearts are united upon “there is no god but Allah.” I remember the day I performed hijrah, I was the only Arab woman amongst the muhājirah sisters during that trip. 
a marginalized class in their former lands, living in difficult conditions between unemployment, poverty, family problems, and psychological disorders. But I saw something contrary! I saw sisters who divorced the Dunyā and came to their Lord, striving. I saw sisters who abstained from a life of luxury and abundant wealth. I saw sisters who abandoned a beautiful home and luxurious car, and ran for the cause of their Lord, as if they were saying, {“My Lord, build for me near You a house in Jannah”} [At-Tahrīm: 11]. I consider them as such, and Allah is their judge! 
The stories of the hijrah of the muwahhidāt that have been narrated to me are almost never free of hardship and tribulations. All of them start with the sister resolving to depart for her Lord’s cause. The first obstacle the muhājirah faces is the family. And what can make you know what the family is! In most of the cases, the families are from the laymen Muslims, and with these people, merely thinking about proposing the subject of hijrah to them is like butting a rock with your head. Yes, the sister is their honor and it is their right to fear for her, but why do they not fear for their honor when the sister wants to travel to Paris or London to specialize 
in some worldly field of knowledge? Rather, you see them hailing this, supporting it, and being proud of it! But if the direction is towards the Islamic State, then suddenly they all become fuqahā’, saying this is permissible and that is not permissible. By Allah, I know of a sister who left in the accompaniment of her husband for hijrah and was surprised to be stopped by the soldiers of the tāghūt in the airport after her parents had sent a notice to the police! This is a story of a woman with a mahram, so what of a woman without a mahram? 
Here I want to say with the loudest voice to the sick-hearted who have slandered the honor of the chaste sisters, a woman’s hijrah from dārul- kufr is obligatory whether or not she has a mahram, if she is able to find a relatively safe way and fears Allah regarding herself. She should not wait for anyone but should escape with her religion and reach the land where Islam and its people are honored. Whoever doubts this, then let him review the books of fiqh and opinions of the imāms so that he may inform us concerning who this noble āyah was revealed: 
Also, these shouters do not agree with us on a principle matter and that is the establishment of an Islamic state fulfilling the conditions and characteristics for its legitimacy. So how can they debate us on a secondary issue – the ruling of a woman’s hijrah without a mahram from dārul-kufr to dārul-Islām? We can only say Allah is sufficient for us and the best disposer of affairs against every person who insinuates slander of a muhājirah even if with a single letter. And all adversaries will be gathered in front of Allah. 
that Allah (subhānah) facilitates and then goes through the hardship of a long journey that is also exciting and full of memories. While we would discuss the stories of hijrah, we would all agree upon a feeling that overtakes every muhājirah during her journey. It is as if we leave from darkness to light, from caves of darkness to a welcoming green land. Rather, by Allah, it is as if we are resurrected, from death to life! Yes, there is fear and anxiety, because the hypocrites lurk in ambush for the muwahhidīn, but who is it that keeps people firm? Who keeps them secure? Who sends tranquility down upon His weak slaves? It is Allah, the King of kings! 
Another sister performed hijrah with her husband while she was pregnant. She travelled by car and passed through three countries until she reached the land of the Islamic State and then gave birth to her child who, by Allah’s decree, died during birth due to pregnancy complications apparently caused by the difficulty of the trip. Yes, he died and was buried in the Islamic State while his mother is always in remembrance of Allah and grateful to Him, I consider her such and Allah is her judge. Yes, he died and was buried in the Islamic State upon the fitrah, and this is better for him than to die through the curriculum of the tawāghīt’s schools. How valuable is the hijrah and how valueless is every sacrifice on its path. 
And even if I were to forget everything, I would never forget the moment our feet treaded upon the good lands of Islam and the moment our eyes saw the ‘Uqāb banner fluttering high. Our hearts were cooled after having seen the idols fluttering in the skies of dārul-kufr for so long! The first checkpoint we saw, the first image of the State’s soldiers far from the Internet and TV screens – those dusty and ragged in their flesh and blood – we saw them here with our eyes while tears from our eyes poured forth generously and our tongues pronounced the takbīr silently. How much good have you forbidden yourself, O you who have sat back and remained behind jihād! 
Allah (ta’ālā) said, {Indeed, those whom the angels take [in death] while wronging themselves – [the angels] will say, “In what [condition] were you?” They will say, “We were oppressed in the land.” The angels will say, “Was not the earth of Allah spacious [enough] for you to emigrate therein?” For those, their refuge is Hell – and evil it is as a destination} [An-Nisā’: 97]. Ibn Qudāmah (rahimahullāh) said, “This is a severe threat indicative of an obligation” [Al-Mughnī]. 
Some ears of Allah’s female slaves heard this āyah and comprehended it, so they rolled up their sleeves and abandoned their lands, families, and friends, and their goal was to live under the shade of the Islamic Sharī’ah. Every time I asked one of them what brought her, the same answer as the previous sister’s would fall upon my ears, “Allah’s Sharī’ah,” a short and clear answer. Rather it is a comprehensive answer! As for the ears of the men from my 
people, then it is as if they are deaf, except for those whom Allah has saved. This one is pulled by the Dunyā. The other is inhibited by a wife. Another asked for the opinion of a terrified “shaykh” that answered, “My boy, sit back. Be wary of tribulations!” Shaytān whispered deeply into others’ minds, so matters became blurry for them; they no longer could recognize good from evil. To them I say: Perform two raka’āt in the depths of the night with truthful prostrations, and make supplications soaked with tears, and say, “O Allah, show me the truth as truth and guide me to following it, and show me the falsehood as falsehood, and guide me to avoid it.” If you are truthful, then by Allah’s might and strength, you will not stay back for long. 
No matter what I saw and what my fingers pen, I can never fulfill the rights of the muhājirāt who performed hijrah to the Islamic State. If not for some obstacles, I would mention stories that make the eyes weep. I saw sisters on a night enflamed by battle send their fifteen year old sons outside the home saying, “Allah is the greatest! Go to Jannah whose width is that of the Heavens and the Earth!” O Lord, it is their sons! Their own flesh and blood! But they are not more valuable than the religion nor this Ummah! Yes, they are muhājirāt who came to the Islamic State! I say it without pride. They understood that Hārithah is in Firdaws in accordance with the testimony of mankind’s leader – may my father and mother be sacrificed for him. For, “Hārithah was injured on the day of Badr while he was a young lad, so his mother came to the Prophet (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) and said, ‘O Rasūlullāh, you know Hārithah’s place in my heart. If he is in Jannah, I will be patient and await reward, but if it is the other… what do you advise I do?’ So he (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) said, ‘Woe unto you, have you lost your mind? Is it just one Jannah? There are many levels in Jannah and he is in al-Firdaws’” [Sahīh al-Bukhārī]. 
husband on the battlefield here in the State of honor: Be firm, my dear sister, be patient, and await your reward. Be wary, be wary of thinking of going back to the lands of the tawāghīt. Know that you have sisters who have been afflicted with great afflictions. Some of their husbands were killed, some were amputated, some were paralyzed, and some were imprisoned, but their wives were firm like the firmest of mountains. The tribulations did not increase them in anything but firmness and patience. Do not forget that reward is in accordance with the degree of hardship and “The matter of the believer is amazing. All of his affairs are good and that is only for the believer. If he is afflicted with happiness, he thanks Allah and that is good for him. And if he is afflicted with hardship, he is patient and so it is good for him” [Sahīh Muslim]. 
And for he who wears the cloak of advice upon that podium of dissuasion, I say: You falsely claim to fear for the muwahhidāt who do not fear anything but Allah; if there were any good in you, you would have worn clothes of war and come to guard the outskirts of Mosul to thereby protect your “sisters,” but not in the least… May Allah disfigure the turbans of the PKK’s women, yet they have more manhood than your likes! 
The scholars of the Salaf warned severely against the bid’ah of Irjā’, as it was a deviant innovation that diluted the religion of the Muslims, making major sins and even kufr appear as something trivial. Through Irjā’, masses of Muslims began to abandon practice of their religion and replace their faithful works with nothing but worldly business and – worse – heretical deeds. They even turned away from learning the religion – as it was sufficient to have some vague condition of “awareness” – and focused instead solely upon worldly knowledge. Slowly, ignorance prevailed to the point described by al- Fudayl Ibn ‘Iyād (rahimahullāh – died 187AH), “How will you be if you remain to a time when you see people who do not differentiate between the truth and the falsehood, nor between the believer and the kāfir, nor between the trustworthy and the treacherous, nor between the ignorant and the knowledgeable. They will not know the good to be good nor the evil to be evil” [Al-Ibānah al-Kubrā]. 
condition of Islam and its people – while following the most decisive path and the most guided way – it would become clear to him that the majority and prominent masses of the people have turned back upon their heels and backslidden. They have thereby deviated from the goal and turned away from the correct proof. Many people have ended up considering as fine what they used to consider as foul, considering as halāl what they used to consider as harām, and considering as good what they used to consider as evil. This – may Allah have mercy upon you – is not from the character of the Muslims, nor the actions of those with insight about this religion, nor the deeds of those believing in the religion with certainty” [Al-Ibānah al-Kubrā]. 
Muhammad Ibn ‘Alī Ibn al-Husayn (rahimahullāh – d. 118AH) said, “There is nothing in day or night more similar to the Jews than the Murji’ah” [Al- Lālikā’ī]. ______________ 1 The Murji’ah invented a religion whose followers expect to enter Jannah while completely abandoning the essential deeds of Īmān (the four pillars of Islam after the testimony of faith) and claiming to affirm its words! Accordingly, they are similar to the deluded Jews who {believe in part of the Scripture and disbelieve in part} [Al-Baqarah: 85] and say, {“We hear and disobey”} [Al-Baqarah: 93], yet they declare, {“Never will the Fire touch us except for a few days”} [Al-Baqarah: 80] and {“We will be forgiven”} [Al-A’rāf: 169]. The Salaf also compared Irjā’ to Christianity, as some of them were reported to have said, “Be wary of Irjā’ for it is an aspect of Christianity” [Al-Lālikā’ī]. This is because the Christians, like the Jews, claim salvation is attainable by mere words with absolutely no deeds to back those words; Allah (ta’ālā) responded to the Jews by saying, {Say, “Have you taken a covenant with Allah? For Allah will never break His covenant. Or do you say about Allah that which you do not know?” Yes, whoever earns evil and his sin has encompassed him – those are the companions of the Fire; they will abide therein eternally. But they who believe and do righteous deeds – those are the companions of Paradise; they will abide therein eternally} [Al-Baqarah: 80-82]. He (ta’ālā) responded to the Christians as well as the Jews by saying, {And they say, “None will enter Paradise except one who is a Jew or a Christian.” That is [merely] their wishful thinking, Say, “Produce your proof, if you should be truthful.” Yes on the contrary, whoever submits his face in Islam to Allah while being a doer of good will have his reward with his Lord. And no fear will there be concerning them, nor will they grieve} [Al-Baqarah: 111-112]. See also Sūrat an-Nisā’, verses 123-124. The Jews and Christians both declared that the mere claim of faith in their messengers was sufficient to save them from Hellfire while they abandoned the essential implications of this faith, which was for them to follow the final Prophet Muhammad (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) in both words and deeds, as he was prophesized in their scriptures. Finally, Allah’s mercy and forgiveness is not an excuse to commit sins and injustices never mind shirk and kufr! 
Irjā’ was a reaction to the deviance of the Khawārij. The Murji’ah attempted to distance ______________ 2 The Murji’ah of the past – by diluting the religion and downplaying the danger of sins – gave the Muslim kings justification to commit more sins and injustices. Some of the contemporary Murji’ah justified for the modern-day tawāghīt the legislation of manmade laws and allying with the Jews, Christians, pagans, and apostates against the Muslims. 
themselves from the Khawārij without adopting the Sunnah; in doing so, they invented their own sect. This was best explained by the scholar of the Salaf, Sa’īd Ibn Jubayr (rahimahullāh), who said, “The example of the Murji’ah is like that of the Sabians. They went to the Jews and asked them, ‘What is your religion?’ They answered, ‘Judaism.’ They asked, ‘What is your book?’ They answered, ‘The Tawrāh.’ They asked, ‘Who is your prophet?’ They answered, ‘Mūsā.’ They asked, ‘What is there for those who follow you?’ They answered, ‘Jannah.’ Then they went to the Christians and asked them, ‘What is your religion?’ They answered, ‘Christianity.’ They asked, ‘What is your book?’ They answered, ‘The Injīl.’ They asked, ‘Who is your prophet?’ They answered, ‘’Īsā.’ They asked, ‘What is there for those who follow you?’ They answered, ‘Jannah.’ They then declared, ‘We are between these two religions’” [Al-Lālikā’ī]. 
The Murji’ah countered the Khawārij who made the performance of all obligations and abandonment of all sins essential for one to be Muslim, by responding with their own innovation, claiming that the abandonment of all obligations and the performance of all sins does not affect one’s Īmān even if one were to completely abandon the pillars of Islam! They expelled action from the reality of Īmān thereby “delaying” action beyond Īmān’s definition, and this is the linguistic root for the word Irjā’, as Irjā’ means “a delay.” 
Their innovation has numerous characteristics, manifestations, and practical consequences – some of which will be discussed – but it is important first to remember that the superficial agreement of some scholars and du’āt with the Salaf’s definition of Īmān does not mean they have freed themselves of Irjā’. This becomes most clear when one examines the statements of contemporary “Salafī” palace scholars who say that ruling by manmade laws and siding with the kuffār against the Muslims is major kufr but then do not implement the practical consequences of these theoretical rulings upon the Saudi regime. 
Rather, they twist the statements of the Salaf and the scholars so as to innovate an escape and a justification for their masters’ kufr. Similarly, there were individuals in this era who specialized in the field of hadīth and regularly repeated the Salaf’s definition of Īmān word for word, “Faith is statements and actions; it increases and decreases.” Yet they blatantly opposed the implications of this definition by claiming that if a Muslim were to completely abandon altogether the prayers, zakāh, fasting, and hajj, while mocking Allah, he could still be a Muslim who would eventually enter Jannah! They thereby made Islam into a mere claim having no reality. 
Īmān, The original Murji’ah expelled actions from the definition of leaving only the statements of the heart and tongue within its essence, the statement of the tongue being the testimony that there is no god but Allah and Muhammad is Allah’s Messenger. They also claimed that Īmān does not increase nor decrease. Their understanding of Īmān had a number of implications, consequences, and transformations, most important of which are that the complete abandonment of obligations does not affect one’s Īmān, that hypocrisy does not exist as a phenomenon, and that ignorance of the famous and well-known matters of the 
Sufyān Ibn ‘Uyaynah (rahimahullāh – d. 199AH), was asked about Irjā’, so he replied, “The Murji’ah say that Īmān is a statement. And we say it is statements and actions. The Murji’ah obliged Jannah for one who testifies that there is no god but Allah while he resolves in his heart to abandon the obligations3. They called abandonment of the obligations a sin just like any other sin, although they are not equal, for committing sins without istihlāl (considering the sin to be halāl) is merely sinful, whereas abandoning the obligations consciously without ignorance or excuse is kufr. What clarifies this is the matter of Ādam (‘alayhis-salām), Iblīs, and the Jewish rabbis. As for Ādam, then Allah (‘azza wa jall) forbade him from eating from the Tree and made it harām for him, but he consciously ate from it to become an angel or become immortal, so he was called disobedient without kufr. As for Iblīs (may Allah curse him), then Allah obligated upon him a single prostration but he consciously refused it, so he was called a kāfir. As for the Jewish rabbis, then they knew the description of the Prophet (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) and that he was a prophet and messenger, just as they knew their own children, and they acknowledged this with their tongues, but they did not follow his Sharī’ah, so Allah (‘azza wa jall) called them kuffār. So violating the prohibitions is like the sin of Ādam (‘alayhis-salām) and that of other 
Al-Humaydī (rahimahullāh – d. 219AH) said, “I was told of people who say, ‘Whoever acknowledges the prayer, zakāh, fasting, and hajj, but does not perform any of them until he dies, and prays with his back to the Qiblah until he dies, then he is a believer as long as he doesn’t deny these obligations, if he knows that not denying these obligations ensures his faith and if he acknowledges the obligations and the direction of the Qiblah.’ I said: This is open kufr and in opposition to Allah’s book, His Messenger’s Sunnah, and the Muslims’ scholars. Allah (ta’ālā) said, {And they were not commanded except to worship Allah, [being] sincere to Him in religion, inclining to truth, and to establish prayer and to give zakāh. And that is the correct religion} [Al-Bayyinah: 5]” [Al-Lālikā’ī]. Imām Ahmad also commented, “Whoever says this has disbelieved in Allah and rejected Allah’s order and what the Messenger came with” [Al-Lālikā’ī]. 
______________ 3 By obligations, he means the four pillars of Islam after the testimony of faith (prayer, zakāh, fasting, and hajj), as is clear in the subsequent quotes. The Sahābah explicitly agreed that abandoning prayer was major kufr. As for the other three pillars, then there is difference of opinion amongst the later scholars regarding the ruling on a person who abandons one of these three. And Allah knows best. 
The Salaf also used as proof: {And when the sacred months have passed, then kill the mushrikīn wherever you find them and capture them and besiege them and sit in wait for them at every place of ambush. But if they should repent, establish prayer, and give zakāh, let them [go] on their way. Indeed, Allah is Forgiving and Merciful} [At-Tawbah: 5] and {But if they repent, establish prayer, and give zakāh, then they are your brothers in religion; and We detail the verses for a people who know} [At-Tawbah: 11]. These verses indicate that the mushrikīn’s establishment of prayer and payment of zakāh are conditions for their repentance from shirk to be accepted. 
They also used as proof the hadīth reported by al-Bukhārī and Muslim on the authority of ‘Umar and Abū Hurayrah (radiyallāhu ‘anhumā). In it, Jibrīl (‘alayhis-salām) said to the Prophet (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam), “O Muhammad, tell me about Islam.” The Prophet (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) said, “Islam is to testify that there is no god but Allah and that Muhammad is Allah’s Messenger, to establish the prayer, to give the zakāh, to fast Ramadān, and to perform hajj if you are able to.” In another narration, Jibrīl asked him, “If I do so, then I am a Muslim?” He replied, “Yes” [Sahīh: Reported by Ibn Mandah]. 
They also used as proof the ijmā’ of the Sahābah in considering the abandonment of prayer to be apostasy and the ijmā’ of the Sahābah in declaring those tribes who resisted zakāh to be apostates. The latter is the evidence proving the kufr of parties who forcefully resist other clear-cut and famous shar’ī rulings such as the prohibition of khamr (alcohol), the prohibition of incest, and the prohibition of ribā (usury). 
Al-Marwazī (rahimahullāh – d. 294AH) said, “We then mentioned the reports narrated from the Prophet (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) declaring the kufr of he who abandons prayer, expelling him from the religion, and legalizing the killing of one who resists performing it. Also, similar reports reached us from the Sahābah (radiyallāhu ‘anhum). Nothing reached us from them contradicting this” [Ta’dhīm Qadr As-Salāh]. 
Al-Fudayl Ibn ‘Iyād (rahimahullāh – d. 187AH) said, “Allah said, {He has ordained for you of religion what He enjoined upon Nūh and that which We have revealed to you and what We enjoined upon Ībrāhīm and Mūsā and ‘Īsā – to establish the religion and not be divided therein} [Ash- Shūrā: 13]. So the religion is affirmation [of faith] through action which is as Allah described and ______________ 4 See also verse 47 of Sūrat an-Nūr, verses 31-32 of Sūrat al-Qiyāmah, verses 15-16 of Sūrat al-Layl, and verse 48 of Sūrat Tāhā. Note: There is a difference between merely disobeying the Messenger (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) in some matters, which is sinful, and between completely disobeying him by not following any of the orders of his religion at all. This condition of absolute disobedience would entail abandonment of the five daily prayers, which is kufr. 
how He ordered His prophets and messengers to establish the religion. Being divided therein is to abandon action and divide between statement and action. Allah (‘azza wa jall) said, {But if they repent, establish prayer, and give zakah, then they are your brothers in religion} [At-Tawbah: 11]. So Allah required that repentance from shirk be in both word and deed by establishment of prayer and payment of zakāh. The people of Ra’y (false opinions) said, ‘Prayer is not from Īmān nor is zakāh nor any other of the obligations.’ They did so lying against Allah and opposing His Book and the Sunnah of His Prophet. If what they said were true, Abū Bakr would not have fought the people of apostasy” [As-Sunnah – ‘Abdullāh Ibn al-Imām Ahmad]. 
Al-Qāsim Ibn Salām (rahimahullāh – d. 224AH) said, “So if they resist zakāh after acknowledging it, offering this with their tongues, having established prayer but only resisted zakāh, that resistance would negate everything before it including their acknowledgement and prayer, just as their refusal to pray before would negate their acknowledgement. What testifies to this is the jihād of Abū Bakr as-Siddīq (radiyallāhu ‘anh) with the Muhājirīn and Ansār under his command against the Arab resistance towards zakāh. His jihād was just like the jihād of Rasūlullāh (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) against the people of shirk, as there was no difference between the two jihāds with regards to the spilling of blood, the enslaving of families, and the seizing 
Ibn Abī ‘Āsim (rahimahullāh – d. 287AH) said, “Abū Bakr as-Saddīq in my view is the most knowledgeable after Rasūlullāh (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) from amongst the Sahābah, as well as the most virtuous, the most zāhid, the bravest, and the most generous of them. From the proof for this is his statement regarding the people of apostasy, when the Companions of the Prophet (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) debated with him so that he would accept from the apostates some of the religion, but he refused to accept anything less than all of what Allah obligated upon them or else he would fight them. He saw that committing kufr with regards to some of the revelation rendered their blood lawful, so he resolved to fight them, and he knew it to be the truth” [As-Sunnah]. After the initial debate to which Ibn Abī ‘Āsim refers, the Sahābah reached consensus. ‘Umar (radiyallāhu ‘anh) said, “By Allah, as soon as I saw that Allah (‘azza wa jall) had opened Abū Bakr’s heart to waging war, I realized he was upon the truth” [Al-Bukhārī and Muslim]. 
Sulaymān Āl ash-Shaykh (rahimahullāh) said, “Shaykhul-Islām Ibn Taymiyyah said when he was asked about the issue of fighting the Tatars while they claimed to adhere to the shahādatayn (testimony of Islam) and claimed to follow the basis of Islam, ‘Every party that resists the manifest and definite laws of Islam from these people or others, then it is obligatory to fight them until they comply with its laws even if they pronounce the shahādatayn and follow some of its laws, just as Abū Bakr and the Sahābah (radiyallāhu ‘anhum) fought those who resisted the zakāh. The fuqahā’ after them agreed upon this.’ He then said, ‘So any resistant party that resists some of the obligatory prayers, fasting, hajj, or resists abiding by the prohibition of spilling blood, looting wealth, alcohol, gambling, incest, or resists adherence to jihād against the kuffār or the enforcement of jizyah upon Ahlul-Kitāb, or abiding by anything else of the obligations and 
prohibitions of the religion, those rulings which no one has an excuse for being ignorant of or abandoning and which the individual commits kufr by denying, then the resistant party is fought over these rulings even if it acknowledges them. This is something of which I know no difference between the scholars.’ He said, ‘These – according to the most judicious scholars – are not on the same level as the bughāt (the rebels). Rather they have exited Islam on the level of those who resisted zakāh.’ … So if a person who adheres to all the laws of the religion but resists the prohibition of gambling, usury, or fornication5 is a kāfir whom it is obligatory to fight, how much more so is the case of he who practices shirk with Allah and is called to offer the religion sincerely to Allah and declare barā’ah and kufr towards everything worshipped besides Allah, but instead he arrogantly refuses and is from the kāfirīn” [Taysīr al-‘Azīz al-Hamīd]. 
Shaykhul-Islām Ibn Taymiyyah (rahimahullāh) also said, “The Sahābah did not say ‘Do you acknowledge that it’s obligatory or do you deny its ruling?’ This wasn’t known from the Khulafā’ and the Sahābah. Rather, as-Siddīq said to ‘Umar (radiyallāhu ‘anhumā), ‘By Allah! If they were to resist giving me only a short rope that they used to give to Allah’s Messenger (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam), I would fight them over their resistance to giving it.’ So he made their resistance towards payment the basis for the permissibility of fighting them, not their denial of its obligation. It was reported that a group from amongst them used to acknowledge its obligation but were stingy in paying it, but in spite of this the Khulafā’ dealt with them all in the same manner: killing their fighters, enslaving their families, taking their wealth as booty, and testifying that their fighters are in Hellfire. And they labeled them all people of apostasy” [Al-Kalimāt an-Nāfi’ah – ‘Abdullāh Ibn Muhammad Ibn ‘Abdil-Wahhāb]. 
It was reported that one of those accused of Irjā’ was asked in al-Masjid al-Harām if a man who said the following was a believer, “I know the Ka’bah is true and that it is the House of Allah (‘azza wa jall) but I don’t know whether it is this one or not [in another narration: but I don’t know whether it is this one in Makkah or another one in Khurāsān].” He replied, “He is a believer.” [Sufyān ath-Thawrī said, “I testify that in the sight of Allah he is from the kāfirīn until he knows that it is the Ka’bah erected in al-Haram.”] He was then asked if a man who said the following was a believer, “I know that Muhammad (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) is true and that he is a messenger [in another narration: I testify that Muhammad Ibn ‘Abdillāh is a prophet], but I don’t know if he is the one who was in Madīnah from Quraysh or another Muhammad [in one narration: or a man who was in Khurāsān] [in another narration: but I don’t know if he is the one whose grave is in Madīnah or not].” He replied, “He is a believer.” [Sufyān ath-Thawrī said, “I testify that in the sight of Allah he is from the kāfirīn.”] [Reported by ‘Abdullāh Ibn al-Imām Ahmad, al-Khallāl, and al-Lālikā’ī]. Al-Humaydī and Imām Ahmad both commented on this story saying, “Whoever says this has committed kufr” [Al-Lālikā’ī]. It was also reported that the answerer was made to repent because of his replies [Al-Lālikā’ī].6 ______________ 5 His words explain that the forceful resistance against these prohibitions is major kufr. As for the mere practice of gambling, usury, or fornication, then such is sinful but not major kufr. 
6 The fact that the Ka’bah is in Makkah, that Prophet Muhammad (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) is from Quraysh, that he lived in al-Madīnah (after his hijrah from Makkah), and that his grave is in al-Madīnah, is something known by Muslims everywhere. Rather, this is even known by many Jews and Christians. So how can one claim ignorance of this while living in dārul-Islām during the rule of the Umawī and ‘Abbāsī khulafā’ and the era of the major fuqahā’ and while standing in front of the Ka’bah inside al-Masjid al-Harām! 
This exaggerated understanding of excuse due to ignorance (al-‘udhr bil-jahl)7 is based upon the wrong understanding of Īmān not increasing nor decreasing and only consisting of the statement of the heart and the tongue (the acknowledgement of faith in the heart and in words only). Those who held this belief were confronted with the fact that people have different amounts of awareness, knowledge, and acknowledgment, which implies that Īmān can increase and decrease in this regards8. So some Murji’ah responded by saying that Īmān is an unspecific acknowledgement of Allah and His Messenger (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) – by the heart and tongue – having no details. Therefore, if someone “acknowledged” that Muhammad is Allah’s Messenger, but knew nothing about him or his religion, he could still be considered a believer, even if this information was widespread, well known, and easily learnable and accessible, and even if the person had much time and opportunity to learn this essential and basic knowledge! 
This exaggerated understanding of excuse due to ignorance that encompasses every issue, every circumstance, and every individual, has rendered excuse due to ignorance the default supposition and it thereby becomes better for one to remain ignorant than to learn the fundamentals of his religion! Ash-Shāfi’ī (rahimahullāh) said, “If the ignorant person were excused due to his ignorance, ignorance would be better than knowledge, for ignorance releases him from the burdens of responsibility and relieves his heart of the various punishments. Accordingly, there is no excuse for the slave with regards to his ignorance after the delivery [of the proof] and the ability to access it, {so that mankind will have no argument against Allah after the messengers} [An-Nisā’: 165]” [Al-Manthūr fīl-Qawā’id]. 
and that He prohibited them from fornication, murder, theft, and alcohol, and similarly, matters that the worshippers were held responsible for understanding, learning, and delivering from themselves and their wealth, and that they stop themselves from doing what Allah prohibited them from. This knowledge is all found explicitly in the book of Allah and is widespread amongst the people of Islam. Their laymen convey it from those who came before them of Muslim laymen. They relate it from Rasūlullāh. They do not differ in its account nor in it being obligatory upon them. This general knowledge cannot be wrongly narrated nor misinterpreted, and disagreement is not possible with regards to it” [Ar-Risālah]. 
The scholars mention numerous verses from the Qur’ān to prove that one cannot be considered a Muslim when he ignorantly negates the basis of Tawhīd and Īmān and opposes the fitrah and the Qur’ān. {A group [of you] He guided, and a group deserved [to be in] error. Indeed, they had taken the devils as allies instead of Allah while they thought that they were guided} [Al-A’rāf: 30]. {Say, “Shall we inform you of the greatest losers as to [their] deeds? [They are] those whose effort is lost in worldly life, while they think that they are doing well in work.” Those are the ones who disbelieve in the verses of their Lord and in ______________ 7 Excuse due to ignorance is a shar’ī concept but not in the exaggerated form proposed by the Murji’ah. See the quote from Imām Muhammad Ibn ‘Abdil-Wahhāb on page 48 for an explanation of when the concept is correctly applied. 
[their] meeting Him, so their deeds have become worthless; and We will not assign to them on the Day of Resurrection any importance} [Al-Kahf: 103-105]. {And if any one of the mushrikīn seeks your protection, then grant him protection so that he may hear the words of Allah. Then deliver him to his place of safety. That is because they are a people who do not know} [At-Tawbah: 6]. {Those who disbelieved among the People of the Scripture and the mushrikīn would not have departed [from their kufr] until there came to them the clear evidence – a Messenger from Allah, reciting purified scriptures within which are upright writings} [Al-Bayyinah: 1-3]. {And of the people are some who say, “We believe in Allah and the Last Day,” but they are not believers. They [think to] deceive Allah and those who believe, but they deceive not except themselves and perceive [it] not. In their hearts is disease, so Allah has increased their disease; and for them is a painful punishment because they [habitually] used to lie. And when it is said to them, “Do not cause corruption on the earth,” they say, “We are but reformers.” Unquestionably, it is they who are the corrupters, but they perceive [it] not. And when it is said to them, “Believe as the people have believed,” they say, “Should we believe as the foolish have believed?” Unquestionably, it is they who are the foolish, but they know [it] not} [Al-Baqarah: 8-13]. {O you who have believed, do not raise your voices above the voice of the Prophet or be loud to him in speech like the loudness of some of you to others, lest your deeds become worthless while you perceive not} [Al-Hujurāt: 2].9 
is no excuse due to Accordingly, there ignorance for the claimant of Islam regarding its testimony – there is no god but Allah and Muhammad is Allah’s Messenger – its meanings and implications (sincerity towards Allah by practicing tawhīd and submission to Him by following the Prophet – sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam).10 As for the remaining pillars, then a new Muslim might be ignorant of some of them, but this condition is excusable only temporarily, for he is obliged to seek knowledge 
so as to eliminate this ignorance, as one of the nullifiers of Islam the scholars spoke about is “turning away from the religion of Allah (ta’ālā) by neither learning it nor practicing it. The proof is the statement of Allah (ta’ālā), {And who is more unjust than one who is reminded of the verses of his Lord; then he turns away from them? Indeed We will take retribution from the criminals} [As-Sajdah: 22]” [Nawāqid al-Islām – Imām Muhammad Ibn ‘Abdil-Wahhāb]. 
Imām Muhammad Ibn ‘Abdil-Wahhāb (rahimahullāh) also said, “What you mentioned … of your doubt concerning the condition of these tawāghīt and their followers and whether or not the proof has been established on them, then this is strange! How can you doubt this after I have clarified it to you over and over? The person on whom the proof has not been established is the newcomer to Islam and the person raised in a distant nomadic land, or when the matter is obscure … in such a case, takfīr is not made upon him until he is informed of the matter. As for the fundamentals of the religion, which Allah clarified and explicated in His book, then the proof of Allah is the Qur’ān, so whoever the Qur’ān reaches has received the proof” [Ar-Rasā’il ash-Shakhsiyyah]. 
Sufyān ath-Thawrī (rahimahullāh) said, “The difference between us and the Murji’ah is three matters. We say that Īmān is statements and actions, whereas they say it is statements without actions. We say that Īmān increases and ______________ 9 See also verses 42-43 of Sūrat an-Naml, verses 25-29 of Sūrat Hūd, the tafsīr of Abū Ja’far at-Tabarī (rahimahullāh – d. 310AH) – the imām of the mufassirīn – on some of the verses quoted in the article, and his book “At-Tabsīr fī Ma’ālim Usūl ad-Dīn.” 
Al-Hasan al-Basrī (rahimahullāh – d. 110AH) was told about people who claim that hypocrisy does not exist and who do not fear hypocrisy. He said, “By Allah, to know that I was free of hypocrisy would be more beloved to me than to possess as much gold as would fill the Earth” [As-Sunnah – al-Khallāl]. He also said, “There has never been nor will there ever be a believer, except that he fears hypocrisy. And there has never been nor will there ever be a hypocrite, except that he feels safe from hypocrisy. Whoever does not fear hypocrisy for himself is a hypocrite” [Sifat an- Nifāq – al-Firyābī]. 
The Murj’ah who denied hypocrisy did so in two different ways. One sect – the Karrāmiyyah – claimed that Īmān was only the statement of the tongue even if the heart contained major hypocrisy. They labelled the hypocrites at the time of the Prophet (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) to be believers, although they believed these “believers” would go to Hellfire. Another sect claimed that Īmān did not increase nor decrease. This claim demanded the denial of minor hypocrisy, as its existence in a person necessitated the decreasing of his Īmān. However, the existence of hypocrisy – both major and minor – is from the most obvious matters clarified by the Qur’ān and Sunnah. In addition to Sūrat al-Munāfiqūn and Sūrat at-Tawbah, there are numerous āyāt and ahādīth describing this phenomenon. 
Rasūlullāh (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) said, “The example of the hypocrite is that of the hesitant lamb between two flocks of sheep. It goes with this flock one time and with the other flock another time” [Reported by Muslim on the authority of Ibn ‘Umar]. In another narration, “It does not know which flock to follow” [Sahīh: Reported by an-Nasā’ī on the authority of Ibn ‘Umar]. This hadīth indicates that the hypocrite wanders in the grayzone between kufr and Īmān. 
qurrā’” [Hasan: Reported by Imām Ahmad on the authority of ‘Abdullāh Ibn ‘Amr]. Al-Bukhārī (rahimahullāh) said that these hypocritical qurrā’ include, “The qurrā’ of those who negate Allah’s attributes, the Jahmiyyah, the people of deviant desires, as well as others” [Khalq Af’āl al-‘Ibād]. The term qurrā’ was used in the time of the Sahābah to refer to the scholars of the religion, for the scholars are most famous for memorizing, reciting, and understanding the Qur’ān, as in the hadīth, “The qurrā’ – whether they were elderly or young men – were the members of ‘Umar’s shūrā council” [Sahīh al- Bukhārī]. 
These articulate hypocrites are amongst the misleading scholars mentioned in another hadīth. Abū Dharr (radiyallāhu ‘anh) narrated that while he was walking with the Prophet (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam), the Prophet said three times, “Indeed, there is something I fear for my Ummah more than the Dajjāl.” Abū Dharr asked him, “What is this that you fear for your Ummah more than the Dajjāl?” He responded, “The misleading imāms” [Sahīh: Reported by Imām Ahmad on the authority of Abū Dharr]. 
The people of bid’ah also have many traits of minor hypocrisy – which is a major sin – in addition to many of them being full-fledged hypocrites and heretics. This is because the root of bid’ah is kufr and it is a gateway to kufr. Shaykhul-Islām Ibn Taymiyyah (rahimahullāh) said, “Bida’ (innovations) are derived from kufr, for there is no innovated opinion except that it entails a branch of the branches of kufr” [Minhāj as-Sunnah]. Bid’ah is also a stance between 
Al-Fudayl Ibn ‘Iyād (rahimahullāh) said, “When I see a person from the people of Sunnah, it is as if I see a person from the Sahābah of Rasūlullāh (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam); and when I see a person from the people of bida’, it is as if I see a person from the hypocrites” [Sharh as- Sunnah – al-Barbahārī]. He also said, “The sign of hypocrisy is that a man walks and sits with a person of bid’ah” [Al-Ibānah al-Kubrā – Ibn Battah]. Abū Qilābah (rahimahullāh – d. 104AH) said, “I did not find any example like that of the people of bid’ah except hypocrisy, for Allah has mentioned hypocrisy as being conflicting words and conflicting deeds” [As-Sunnah – al-Khallāl]. 
Ibn Taymiyyah (rahimahullāh) also said, “When the people of bida’ possess strength, they are similar to the kuffār in considering it halāl to kill the believers and in making takfīr of them, as the Khawārij, Rāfidah, Mu’tazilah, Jahmiyyah, and their branches do. Some of them fight when they are a strong faction, like the Khawārij and Zaydiyyah. Others strive to kill individuals from their opponents either by using their authority or by deception. When they are weak, they are similar to the hypocrites. They use deception and hypocrisy, like the condition of the hypocrites. That is because innovations are derived from kufr, for when the mushrikīn and Ahlul-Kitāb possess strength, they wage war against the believers, and when they are weak, they act with hypocrisy towards them” [Al-Fatāwā al-Kubrā]. 
The founder of the Khawārij (Dhul-Khuwaysirah) said to the Prophet (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam), “O Muhammad, be just!” ‘Umar Ibnul-Khattab (radiyallāhu ‘anh) then said, “O Rasūlullāh, let me kill this hypocrite.” He answered, “I seek the refuge of Allah to prevent the people from saying that I kill my companions. This person and his companions recite the Qur’ān and it does not go beyond their throats. They leave the religion like the arrow leaves the bow” [Reported by Muslim on the authority of Jābir Ibn ‘Abdillāh]. Here the Prophet (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) did not denounce ‘Umar’s labelling of the man as a hypocrite, rather the Prophet supported ‘Umar’s claim by describing a trait of hypocrisy: religious deeds that have no reality in the heart – recitation of the Qur’ān that merely passes through the throat. He then prevented ‘Umar from killing the founder of this deviant sect citing the same reason for not killing the famous hypocrite ‘Abdullāh Ibn Ubay (Ibn Salūl) who said, “If we return to al-Madīnah, the more honored will surely expel therefrom the more humiliated.” When ‘Umar asked permission to kill Ibn Salūl, the Prophet (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) told him not to “so that the people don’t say that Muhammad kills his companions” [Reported by al-Bukhārī and Muslim on the authority of Jābir Ibn ‘Abdillāh]. The Prophet (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) said, “They [the Khawārij] will kill the people of Islam and leave the people of idolatry alone. If I reach their time, I will kill them [until they are eradicated] just as the people of ‘Ād were eradicated” [Reported by al-Bukhārī and Muslim on the authority of Abū Sa’īd al-Khudrī]. 
Again, some of the modern day Murji’ah are confused. They think that total abandonment of jihād is an absolute trait of hypocrisy, and because the modern-day hypocrites participate in battles and defend frontlines, they could not be considered hypocrites. They forget that Dhul-Khuwaysirah and ‘Abdullāh Ibn Salūl both participated in fierce battles, that the Khawārij fought battles for the sake of their deviance, and that the Bedouin hypocrites fought battles during the wars of apostasy on the side of Musaylamah and those who resisted zakāh. The hypocrites abandon battles when there is no worldly gain in return, when it does not serve their hypocritical interests, and when the expected hardship is unbearable for them. 
This is in accordance with the hadīth of the Prophet (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam), “Indeed, Allah will aid this religion through people who have no share of the religion” [Hasan: Reported by Imām Ahmad on the authority of Abū Bakrah]. Abū Hurayrah (radiyallāhu ‘anh) said, “We took part in a battle with Rasūlullāh (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam). He said about a man who claimed Islam, ‘This person is from the people of Hellfire.’ When the fighting started, the man fought fiercely until he was wounded. It was said, ‘O Rasūlullāh, the person you said was from the people of Hellfire fought today fiercely and has died.’ So the Prophet (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) said, ‘He went to Hellfire.’ Some of the people almost had doubts. While they were in that condition, they were told, ‘He did not die. He had severe wounds and when night came, he could not bear with his wounds, so he killed himself.’ The Prophet (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) was informed about this and said, ‘Allāhu akbar! I testify that I am the slave of Allah and His messenger.’ He then ordered Bilāl to announce to the people that, ‘Indeed, 
no one enters Jannah except a Muslim soul’ and that ‘Indeed, Allah aids this religion by fājir men.’” [Reported by al-Bukhārī and Muslim]. The fājir is one who commits fujūr, which is one of the traits of the hypocrites, as in the hadith of the Prophet (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam), “If four traits are found in a person then he is a complete hypocrite, and if he has one of the traits then he has a trait of hypocrisy until he abandons it. If he speaks he lies, if he makes a covenant he betrays it, if he makes a promise he breaks it, and if he argues he fajar (commits fujūr)” [Reported by al- Bukhārī and Muslim on the authority of ‘Abdullāh Ibn ‘Amr]. Ibn Rajab (rahimahullāh) said, “What is meant by fujūr is that he intentionally leaves the truth to the extent that truth becomes falsehood and falsehood becomes truth. This is from the matters that lying leads to, as the Prophet (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) said, ‘Be wary of lies, for lies lead to fujūr and fujūr leads to Hellfire’” [Jāmi’ al-‘Ulūm wal-Hikam]. An-Nawawī said while commenting on the word fajar, “Meaning he inclines away from the truth and speaks falsehood and lies” [Sharh Sahīh Muslim]. 
were revealed regarding the hypocrites who participated in the battles of Tabūk and Banil- Mustaliq, including: {And if you ask them, they will surely say, “We were only conversing and playing.” Say, “Is it Allah and His verses and His Messenger that you were mocking?” Make no excuse; you have disbelieved after your belief. If We pardon one faction of you – We will punish another faction because they were criminals} [At- Tawbah: 65-66], {They swear by Allah that they did not say [anything] while they had said the word of kufr and committed kufr after their Islam and planned that which they were not to attain. And they were not resentful except [for the fact] that Allah and His Messenger had enriched them of His bounty. So if they repent, it is better for them; but if they turn away, Allah will punish them with a painful punishment in this world and the Hereafter. And there will not be for them on earth any protector or helper} [At-Tawbah: 74], and {Indeed, those who came with falsehood are a group among you…} [An-Nūr: 11]. The last verse and others from Sūrat an-Nūr cover the events in which the hypocrites started their campaign of slander against the Mother of the Believers, ‘Ā’ishah (radiyallāhu ‘anhā). This was during the expedition for the battle of Banil-Mustaliq. 
second category encompassed all factions that proposed an “Islamic” agenda but mixed it with elements and different degrees of nationalism. The third category encompassed all factions that proposed a nationalist agenda while using “Islamic” language and culture as inspiration and justification in their propaganda; they claimed to be non-secularist12. The difference between the second and third categories is almost superficial except that leaders in the second category factions have a “Salafī” background and their soldiers display more religious “practice.” The fourth category encompassed those factions officially belonging to the Free Syrian Army (FSA) Supreme Military Council based in Turkey. There was no doubt amongst most fighters belonging to the first category that the fourth category was one of apostasy13. The problem for those infected by Irjā’ was mainly the second and third categories who all received both private support (but well-known by the other factions) and public support from Arab regimes, the West, Turkey, the Syrian National Coalition (SNC), the FSA, the “Muslim” Brotherhood, the 
Surūriyyah (essentially a “Salafī” version of the “Muslim” Brotherhood), and the Saudi palace scholars. Many leaders of the “Islamic” and nationalist factions themselves also belonged as individuals to the SNC, the FSA, and the “Muslim” Brotherhood, although this membership was in most cases kept unofficial, it was still well known by the other factions. Neither friend nor foe could deny these relationships, the support, and the memberships. Above all this, most of these factions were internally infected by bid’ah (some of which was kufrī) but their bida’ were never their “official” creeds. The “Islamic” factions were infected with Surūriyyah, Jāmiyyah (pro-Saudi “Salafiyyah”), and Irjā’. The nationalist factions were infected with Jahmiyyah (extreme Irjā’ ______________ 12 They are referred to as nationalist factions to differentiate them from the openly secularist/democratic factions. 
13 Because of the nature of the Syrian people, these apostate factions of secularism were the least effective in deviating the jihād. The apostates based in Turkey – the FSA and the SNC – had to rely more on the second and third categories to gain influence on the events in Shām. They used their relations and aid for this purpose. The apostate factions of secularism – the Military Councils of the FSA and their different battalions – were mostly eclipsed by the hypocritical factions claiming a more “Islamic” agenda and culture. Note: The hypocritical factions are referred to as such for historical reasons. They later moved from the grayzone of hypocrisy to the darkness of apostasy both in words and deeds after they got the “freedom” to come out with their kufr through their Sahwah. 
Then comes the hypocrisy… The nationalist and “Islamic” factions would say they were independent of the SNC and the FSA based in Turkey, but would receive support from the SNC and the FSA leadership, representatives from the SNC and the FSA based in Turkey would visit the headquarters of these factions in Shām, and the leaders of these factions would visit the hotels of the SNC and FSA in Turkey. The leaders of these factions would also regularly be received as guests by Arab diplomats in Qatar and Saudi Arabia. Again, all the factions – including the Jawlānī front – 
knew that the “Islamic” factions had intricate relationships with Arab regime apostates including diplomats, intelligence, media, and “scholarship,” as a lot of it was public. All these deviant factions would regularly claim they received only “unconditional” support from their backers. The “Islamic” and nationalist factions would also declare each other brothers and claim to differ with the SNC and FSA for political or military reasons. The leaders of these “Islamic” and nationalist factions would also make deviant statements with implicit, or worse yet, sometimes explicit kufr. When confronted, they would retract their words, distort them towards a more “favorable” meaning, or sometimes defend their falsehood with “shar’ī” arguments. 
These different factions – although possessing power – never implemented Allah’s Sharī’ah in their “liberated” territory. Rather, they would set up “shar’ī” and “mutual” committees and courts that were “planning” – for more than two years – to implement the Sharī’ah but would not execute the hudūd, enforce the good, and ban the evil either because the committee claimed it was not the right time to do so or because the court ruled over only certain domains of life (so that it would not clash with the emotions of the masses and not contradict the interests of the other factions). These committees and courts consisted of different judges from the various deviant backgrounds mentioned before: the Surūriyyah, Jāmiyyah, Murji’ah, Jahmiyyah, Ikhwān, Sūfiyyah, Qubūriyyah, and even secularist lawyers, and worse yet, secularist judges who only recently abandoned the Baathist regime but never repented from apostasy! All of these – in addition to the jihād claimants’ “scholarship” – were tasked with implementing the Sharī’ah together… 
Then the Sahwah was launched and these hypocrites and deviant innovators took up arms against the muhājirīn and ansār of the Islamic State. They did so alongside and in cooperation with the military councils of the FSA, the Syria Revolutionaries Front of Jamāl Ma’rūf, the Marxists of the PKK, and the media and “scholarship” of the Arab tawāghīt. They even publically thanked the Arab tawāghīt for their aid. 
So what did the Murji’ jihād claimants of Shām do? They claimed that the hypocritical factions (who had come out with their hypocrisy and committed apostasy) had to be treated exactly like the most senior and virtuous muhājir mujāhidīn. Essentially, they invented a new Irjā’ī claim, “The Īmān of ‘Abdullāh Ibn Ubay (Ibn Salūl) and that of Abū Bakr as-Siddīq are equal,” and accordingly, had Ibn Salūl lived to the khilāfah of as-Siddīq and taken up arms against the Muhājirīn and Ansār during the wars of apostasy, then as-Siddīq 
would have had to set up an independent or mutual court to judge between him and Ibn Salūl so as to determine whether Ibn Salūl committed apostasy or not despite all the clear-cut traits of major hypocrisy Ibn Salūl had manifested throughout his life before his rebellion. Worse yet, the independent or mutual court would have to include judges from other hypocrites – who without doubt held Ibn Salūl in esteem – under the condition they did not belong to Ibn Salūl’s same tribe. This “independent” court would also have to determine if as-Siddīq had committed any injustices against Ibn Salūl! 
In addition, every statement and action of kufr the hypocritical factions made after the Sahwah – and in many cases before it – would be reinterpreted to a favorable meaning so as to justify the jihād claimants’ alliance with the apostate Sahwah against the Islamic State. If they said, “We fight for democracy, a civil state, and want American support against the Islamic State. We are against terrorism” They say, “Maybe they think that democracy is shūrā and that a civil state is the opposite of a police state. And maybe they want unconditional support against the Khawārij whom some of the scholars made takfīr of. And maybe by terrorism they mean terrorism against Muslims. In the end, they are all excused due to their ignorance and it is obligatory to treat them as full-fledged Muslim mujāhidīn until the independent/mutual court is set up, and whoever makes takfīr of them or implies such, are Khawārij!” In the end, the excuse of ignorance was the shield the jihād claimants would use to defend the hypocritical factions whose apostasy had become apparent and – in many cases – to defend the blatantly secularist factions, all against the Islamic State!14 
If someone pointed out that these factions did not rule by the Sharī’ah despite their control of “liberated” territory and fought against the state that had implemented the Sharī’ah, the ______________ 14 If ignorance is such an encompassing excuse for the contemporary Murji’ah, what will prevent some of them from excusing the Dajjāl due to ignorance when he claims prophethood and lordship only to fight alongside him against those who make takfīr of him? 
jihād claimants exaggerated the So these concept of excuse due to ignorance to encompass the basis of the religion (the basics of the shahādatayn), its well-known fundamentals (the famous convictions, obligations, and prohibitions), and realities obvious to most laymen now (such as the meaning of democracy, the mechanics of the democratic system, and the secularism of the SNC and the FSA). They also downplayed the danger of abandoning the pillars of Islam and the implementation of the Sharī’ah in general. They also denied the phenomenon of hypocrisy in practical rulings. This deviant Irjā’ then became the driving force 
for the jihād claimants of Shām (the Jawlānī front) to assist the Sahwah of apostasy in the war against the Islamic State! The ruling of this is well known; Imām Muhammad Ibn ‘Abdil- Wahhāb (rahimahullāh) said that from the nullifiers of Islam was “backing and aiding the mushrikīn against the Muslims. The proof is the statement of Allah (ta’ālā), {And whoever is an ally to them among you – then indeed, he is one of them. Indeed, Allah guides not the wrongdoing people} [Al-Mā’idah: 51]” [Nawāqid al-Islām]. And so the jihād claimants made their religion flimsier than the frailest of garments until it left them stripped of the religion and exposed like their Sahwah counterparts. 
Sadly, Western and Arab intelligence were able to take advantage of this Irjā’ in Shām by sitting back and watching as the jihād claimants fought against the Islamic State and defended the Sahwah. They hope to repeat the experience in other lands of jihād but forget that Allah (ta’ālā) said, {They want to extinguish the light of Allah with their mouths, but Allah refuses except to perfect His light, even if the disbelievers despise such} [At-Tawbah: 32]. ______________ 15 Ibn Qudāmah (rahimahullāh) said, “The hudūd are to be implemented in the thughūr (frontier outposts). There is no difference we know of regarding this. This is because the thughūr are from the lands of Islam and there is a need to deter its people from committing sins just as there is a need to deter others. ‘Umar wrote to Abū ‘Ubaydah ordering him to flog eighty times whoever drinks alcohol. This was while Abū ‘Ubaydah was in Shām and it was from the thughūr” [Al-Mughnī]. If the Muslims’ thughūr are from dārul-Islām, how much more so are the territories defended by the thughūr? These Murji’ah distorted the meaning of dārul-harb to mean a land experiencing war when the term only refers to a land being ruled by kuffār having no truce with the Muslims even if the land is not experiencing war! 
“This is a caliphate that has been established and that means they are calling people from all over the world to come and fight this battle. As long as they hold ground and continue to expand that ground, more and more will come. The fact that we are delaying means that the Caliphate continues to exist. They are not losing ground. They are not being discredited in the eyes of the Muslim world. They will get stronger. … This is really important to understand. The reason the West had a thousand year war with Islam is that Islam was ever expanding. When Islam began to contract, it collapsed, and the caliphate was eliminated. Now they have established a caliphate. They are dead serious about expanding it. Unless we begin to take back that ground and make this caliphate just irrelevant in the eyes of the radical Muslim world, we are going to have a bigger and bigger problem.” 
“In the last six weeks we’ve seen groups in Pakistan have sworn allegiance to ISIS, Ansār Bayt al-Maqdis in the Sinai Peninsula has sworn allegiance to them, Libyan groups have, and now Boko Haram. … ISIS has billions of dollars. They have a network of communications. They’re reaching out to these people and it just shows you how deadly and effective ISIS is. ISIS truly is the most successful Sunni terrorist group in history because they’ve carved out a space for a nation-state. These groups recognize that. … Those in these countries 
see this group as an Islamic group, and it’s an Islamic terrorist group but it’s a terrorist group that has become a nation-state. And it’s accepted broadly in these areas by individuals now that refuse to accept the concept of secular nation-states. And ISIS has been brilliant in its pushing out of propaganda. It has really sold itself to the hundreds of millions of people around there that are looking for a message.” 
“One thing is clear, if Damascus falls, the dreaded black and white flag of ISIS will fly over Damascus. Within a period of months after the fall of Damascus, Jordan will fall and Lebanon will fall. With that area of expansion for the most extreme Islamists, I think you will automatically see a beginning of a historic push of Islam towards Europe and I think, ultimately, Europe will be conquered, and that’s why I look at Syria as the center of gravity. That’s what we used to talk about in the army war college when we would study wars and the objective. There was always a center of gravity – the thing which would determine the outcome of the war. If you defeated the center of gravity, then you won. What I see is Syria is the center of gravity for Western civilization. If it falls, then we will begin to see a very rapid advance of Islam on Europe and I think ultimately, potentially, the collapse of all of Europe.” 
ABŪ MUQĀTIL: In the name of Allah; all praise is due to Allah; and may blessings and peace be upon Allah’s Messenger. We wanted to cause chaos (tawahhush) in the lands by killing Brahmi so as to facilitate the brothers’ movements and so that we would be able to bring in weapons and liberate our brothers from prisons. This was the main goal behind killing Brahmi in addition to the fact that he worked in the Constituent Assembly making him from the tawāghīt of the country. 
ABŪ MUQĀTIL: The assassination of Chokri Belaid was carried out by our brother Abū Sayyāf Kamāl Gafgāzī (may Allah accept him). Our brother Lutfī az-Zayn (may Allah accept him) was with him in the operation. Abū Zakariyyā Ahmad ar-Ruwaysī (may Allah accept him) helped the two brothers in executing the operation. Our brother Ahmad ar-Ruwaysī was killed recently in a battle against the apostates. He had been imprisoned in Tunis for issues from his past, and alhamdulillāh, Allah guided him in prison and his practice became good. He began making the adhān in prison and attending the lessons given by the brothers despite the harassment from the tawāghīt. When the revolution happened in Tunisia, he was able to escape with the brothers from prison. He then joined the brothers in Libya and took part in some battles with the brothers. When we established a training camp in Libya, he became one of the brothers in charge of the camp. He would train the brothers, as he excelled in the military field. Thereafter, when we started smuggling arms into Tunisia, he helped us despite having a 15-year prison sentence on him in Tunisia. The brother did not hesitate. He came with us, took the risk, and smuggled 
the weapons. After the assassination of Chokri Belaid, he became wanted. So he went back to Libya and continued training the brothers there and sending brothers to carry out operations inside Tunisia. Thereafter, alhamdulillāh, the brother was in Sirte and joined the Islamic State there, pledged allegiance to it, and became responsible for a training camp there. He would train the brothers. Alhamdulillāh, he was killed facing the enemy, not fleeing. We ask Allah to accept him and make us join him in the Gardens of Eternity. 
ABŪ MUQĀTIL: My religious practice started in 2002. I came to Shām to study the Sharī’ah. In 2003, after the Americans entered Iraq, I went to Iraq and stayed there about a month. Thereafter, we were betrayed by some of the hypocrites there and were forced to leave. I then went to France. I then prepared for another journey and joined Jamā’at at-Tawhīd wal-Jihād with Shaykh Abū Mus’ab az-Zarqāwī (rahimahullāh) in Fallūjah. I stayed there for about six or seven months. I then left Fallūjah to Shām so as to receive my family but was arrested there. I stayed nine months in the Far’ Filistīn prison. I was then deported to France and remained imprisoned there for seven years. I then left back to Tunisia and started planning on establishing jihād in Tunisia with my brothers. Libya was next to us and weapons were widespread there. So we went to Libya and established a training camp there. We would 
train brothers there and at the same time we would work to smuggle weapons into Tunisia. Our brother Kamāl Gafgāzī (may Allah accept him) executed the first assassination so that we could create chaos in the lands. The matter succeeded but some of those associated with jihād there, may Allah guide them, went out and defended the former government institutions and thereby ruined our mission. We tried again with Brahmi and the same occurred. After all these attempts I decided to go to Shām and join the Islamic State there. 
As for my message to the tawāghīt of Tunisia – those who are considered “Islamists” – then I say, has not the time come for you to repent to Allah (‘azza wa jall) and realize that the ideas you hold and the paths you tread, including that of the elections, have not brought you any results except for kufr? As for the Islamic State, then it took the path of the Prophet (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam), and here it is, an established state in Shām, Iraq, Libya, Yemen, Nigeria, Sinai, and other lands. So wake up, fear Allah (‘azza wa jall), and return to your religion. 
ABŪ MUQĀTIL: The operation delighted us and healed our hearts. We hope that the brothers there follow this path, rely upon Allah, and inflict massacres upon the enemies of Allah. Through operations like this, terror enters the hearts of Allah’s enemies. Inshā’allāh, the brothers there will follow this path. They should be certain that operations like this are not impossible. The brothers carried out this operation while the Bardo Museum is beside the Tunisian Parliament – one of the most guarded places – and still, alhamdulillāh, Allah facilitated for the brothers to enter it and kill their enemies. We ask Allah (‘azza wa jall) to accept the martyred brothers and have mercy upon them. 
ABŪ MUQĀTIL: I ask Allah to protect us from imprisonment, amputation, and fracture. I ask Allah (‘azza wa jall) to release our brothers in all the prisons. Prison was difficult. We would face humiliation and discomfort from these kuffār. But at the same time, it was a great gate for da’wah to Allah (‘azza wa jall) and to explain this manhaj and this path to the imprisoned youth. Finally, prison is the school of Yūsuf (‘alayhis- salām). And in all conditions, all praise is due to Allah. 
ABŪ MUQĀTIL: I call them to wake up and fight the enemies of Allah for Allah’s cause. By Allah the Great, you would wake up and fight them if you came here and saw what they do with their planes, how they terrify the women and children, and how they strive day and night to destroy this state, and by Allah’s permission, they will never be able to do so. I call them to follow the method of the brothers who executed operations in Europe. Weapons are easy to acquire in those countries. Rely upon Allah (‘azza wa jall). I also say to them, do not look for specific targets. Kill anybody. All the kuffār over there are targets. Don’t tire yourself and look for difficult targets. Kill whoever is over there from the kuffār. 
From the toothless roaring of Obama’s address to the nation on 10th September, in which he declared that the Islamic State “is a terrorist organization, pure and simple,” it would seem that some of his closest advisors, many figures in the rest of the NATO world and the media in general are not convinced by such a simplistic description, although “terrorism” is undoubtedly one of the tactics, amongst many, adeptly employed and advanced by the Islamic State in its jihād. 
In an interview with CBS, Hagel went on to say, “We’ve never seen an organization like ISIL that is so well-organized, so well-trained, so well-funded, so strategic, so brutal, so completely ruthless. We’ve never seen anything quite like that in one institution. Then they blend in ideology … and social media. The sophistication of their social media program is something that we’ve never seen before. You blend all of that together, that is an incredibly powerful new threat.” 
But such admissions were impossible to even imagine back in the days when American leaders were busy laying the groundwork for this very environment today. Back then, it was all about crushing the unruly “terrorists” in Iraq and Afghanistan with “shock and awe” and the might of the American war machine. But today the men in charge are being forced to concede that maybe, just perhaps, they were a little too quick off the mark to dismiss the Islamic State as merely “a terrorist organization, pure and simple.” And that’s just three months into their campaign. 
I am certainly no expert on such matters and my views are those of a layman, but generally one doesn’t expect a mere “organization” to lay siege to cities or have their own police force. You certainly don’t expect a mere “organization” to have tanks and artillery pieces, an army of soldiers tens of thousands strong, and their own spy drones. And one certainly doesn’t expect a mere “organization” to have a mint with plans to 
Does it then belong to the newly instated and incompetent puppet Iraqi government, tucked away in Baghdad while its army licks its wounds from the murderous thrashing it received from the mujāhidīn back in the summer? Clearly not. And it definitely doesn’t belong to the Free Syrian Army, who had years to do something decisive or cohesive but chose instead to smoke Gauloises cigarettes, drink tea, and complain that nothing could be done without NATO jets flying overhead. Well they are now, and they’ve still achieved zero. 
Although the West might never admit such a thing, there are Western politicians who are beginning to realize this fact and thus, little by little, we’re seeing a changing of vernacular, a paradigm shift in how those leaders talk about the State, because if it is a country – whether recognized by anyone or not (and the Islamic State doesn’t care either way) – then that changes things, dramatically. 
At some stage, you’re going to have to face the Islamic State as a country, and even consider a truce. If there’s no military only solution to the Islamic State, and that’s already on the record as being the case, then after you’ve tried getting the other Sahwah tribes to turn against it and finished mucking around trying to find ways to cut their funding or shut down their media message (which has already cost the US well in excess of $1.3 billion and completely failed) at some point the only option left will be an offer of a truce… 
Incidentally, there was a heavy airstrike some time ago in the dead of night and I promise that you don’t sit there thinking, “Hurray, it’s the United States Air Force.” As the doors shake on their hinges and the walls bulge momentarily inward from the shockwaves, you become incandescent with fury. For 20 minutes afterwards there are the sounds of babies crying in fear, mothers trying to soothe their children, and sirens as casualties are taken to hospital. It’s a side to “precision” bombing that you never see back in the West. 
Is a truce even realistic? Right now, it’s too early. The scene is just being set for a big operation against the Islamic State to be executed by Iranian militias (AKA the Iraqi army) backed by the US. But when that fails because Shiite militiamen are afraid of being burnt alive, when special forces operations skyrocket in an effort to make up for what the Iraqi army cannot achieve, and when the mujāhidīn start beheading Western troops, then every option is going to be on the table, and fast. A truce will be one of those options. 
Finally, I may have an overly-simplistic way of looking at things that perhaps does not reflect the immense complexities of modern warfare and nation-building. Any truce between the West and the Islamic State would ultimately have to address the end of support for Arab and non- Arab tyrannical puppets in the Muslim world as well as an end of support for Israel. That’s just for openers, but the impossible can and does happen. 
At some stage the only option that can prevail for America and the West is the sensible one. _____________ 1 Editor’s Note: A halt of war between the Muslims and the kuffār can never be permanent, as war against the kuffār is the default obligation upon the Muslims only to be temporarily halted by truce for a greater shar’ī interest, as in the offer of truce from the Prophet (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) to the mushrikīn of Makkah in Hudaybiyah. The term of the Hudaybiyah treaty was ten years. Once a truce is reached, if it is broken by the kuffār, they will be punished by both the shar’ (jihād) and qadar of Allah. The betrayal of the mushrikīn of Makkah towards the Hudaybiyah treaty signed by the Prophet (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) led directly to the Muslims assembling to suc- cessfully conquer Makkah (as described in the Sīrah), just as the betrayal of the crusader Romans towards the future treaty with the Muslims will lead di- rectly to the Muslims assembling to successfully conquer Rome (as described in the Sunnah). 
‘Abdullāh Ibn Hawālah said, “Allah’s Messenger (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) said, ‘You will be granted conquest over Shām, Rome, and Per- sia, until one of you will possess such-and-such number of camels, such-and-such number of cows, and such-and-such number of sheep, to the extent if one were to be given a hundred dīnārs, he would be discontent with it.’ He then placed his hand on my head and said, ‘O Ibn Ha- wālah, if you see that the Khilāfah has come to the Holy Land [Shām], then the earthquakes, tri- bulations, and great matters have approached. The Hour will be closer that day to the people than this hand of mine from your head.’” 
As the crusaders continue to reveal their intense hatred and animosity towards Islam through their relentless bombing and drone campaigns on the Islamic State, a new breed of crusader continues shedding light on the extent of their hatred towards the religion of truth. This breed of crusader aims to do nothing more than to anger the Muslims by mocking and ridiculing the best of creation, the Prophet Muhammad Ibn ‘Abdillāh (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam), under the pretext of defending the idol of “freedom of speech.” 
Yet, such brazen attacks on the honor of the Prophet (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam), rather than deterring or disheartening the Muslims, serve as further incitement, spurring them into confronting the forces of kufr with whatever means they have available. Such was the case with Elton Simpson and Nadir Soofi, two brave men who took it upon themselves to remind the enemies of Allah and His Messenger (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) that as long as they choose to wage war on Islam, they would have no peace and 
The two lions of the Khilāfah arrived at the Curtis Culwell Center in Garland, Texas three weeks ago during a convention that featured a competition to draw the Prophet (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) in an attempt to mock and ridicule him. The two mujāhidīn came armed and ready to wage war, ignited a gun battle with the policemen guarding the center, and attained a noble shahādah in pursuit of vengeance for the honor of our beloved Prophet (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam). 
Their determination to support the cause of Allah and punish those who insult the Prophet (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) should serve as inspiration to those residing in the lands of the crusaders who are still hesitant to perform their duty. Those men who have read the countless āyāt and ahādīth on the virtues of jihād and have made sincere du’ā’ to Allah asking Him for shahādah but have yet to act, should consider that Allah will not grant them their du’ā’ until they take a step towards this noble duty. 
As for those who continue to suffer from the disease of being indifferent towards the obligations of hijrah, jihād, and bay’ah, so much so that they see nothing wrong with residing amongst, and paying taxes to, the very crusaders who belittle the Sharī’ah on their news and entertainment programs, who arm the secularists and Rawāfid in Muslim lands, who imprison and torture Muslim men and women, and on top of all who burn the Qur’an and mock the Prophet (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam), then let them prepare their flimsy excuses for the angels of death. 
Over the last months, a number of new Sahwah coalitions were formed that were either allied with or included the Jawlānī front. One of the older coalitions allied with the Jawlānī front against the Islamic State was the Shāmiyyah Front with all its nationalist factions1. More recently, another coalition was formed in Idlib and named “Jaysh al-Fath.” Its member factions include the Jawlānī front and Faylaq ash-Shām. Below, you will read an official declaration from Faylaq ash-Shām, one of the major allies of the Jawlānī front against the Islamic State. After reading the declaration, it should be no secret that this faction and its likes work to execute the agenda of the tawāghīt in the region. 
“Driven by the deeply sincere and brotherly relationship between the Syrian people and revolution and between the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia – both its government and people – and in response to what the Arabic and Islamic obligation dictates to us of standing with the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, which never delayed for even a day in supporting the affairs of the Arabs and Muslims, and in response to what needed to be done in this critical phase to achieve the Ummah’s interest against the divisive sectarian mission run by the Iranian government and what it represents of danger for the Ummah altogether…” 
evil, and corruption that rushed madly to the blessed land of Yemen and dared encroaching upon the soil of the Noble Haramayn in the interest of a foreign, spiteful, divisive, Safawī plan. We announce that this sectarian mission aims at dividing the Ummah, weakening its forces, taking its riches, and occupying the Muslims’ sanctuaries in Makkah al-Mukarramah and al-Madīnah al- Munawwarah. This is a matter that we will never allow to happen, whatever the circumstances may be. Thus we have prepared two thousand fighters from the heroes of Faylaq ash-Shām to be under the command of the Servant of the Noble Haramayn, King Salmān Ibn ‘Abdil-Azīz Āl Sa’ūd, so that they defend the lands of the Noble Haramayn and defeat the enemies of the Ummah from amongst the tails and arms of Iran in the brotherly land of Yemen. We do this to support the truth and out of loyalty to the one who stood by and supported the struggle of the Syrian people. And we indeed stand up in defense of the Muslims’ holy sanctuaries through our humble contribution of two thousand fighters from the best of the sons of Shām. We appeal to the countries from the Organization of Islamic Cooperation (OIC) to rush to stand in the face of this Safawī plan and to strive to stop all those who allowed themselves to transgress against our sanctities and holy sanctuaries. Indeed Iran’s insolence and that of its tails will not be deterred except with resolve2, and it will not be stopped except by the language of resolve, and this is what we are now doing with all strength and resolve, asking Allah (ta’ālā) for victory and steadfastness.” 
It is important to note that when the apostates (the Tawāghīt and the Rāfidah) fight each other, it is not permissible for the Muslim to support one party of apostates against the other by fighting under the leadership of one party or fighting in its defense. Allah (ta’ālā) said, {Those who believe fight in the cause of Allah, and those who disbelieve fight in the cause of tāghūt. So fight against the allies of Shaytān} [An-Nisā’: 76]. So it is not permissible for the Muslim to fight against Āl Salūl under the leadership of the Rāfidī Houthis nor is it permissible to fight against the Rāfidī Houthis under the leadership of Āl Salūl. If he does fight under the leadership of the tāghūt in defense of his kufrī regime, he apostatizes from Islam. Therefore, the Muslim should know that the obligation upon him when the apostates wage war against each other is to declare his barā’ah from both apostate parties and – if he is able – to perform jihād against both of them for Allah’s sake. 
And so, will the jihād claimants of the Jawlānī front wage “jihād” against their allies, the shameless slaves of Āl Salūl? Or are there endless excuses prepared for each blatant statement of apostasy made by them? Āl Salūl have now openly occupied parts of Idlib, Halab, and Shām in general through this “legion,” Zahrān ‘Allūsh, and their brothers from the “Islamic” Front. Worst yet, the factions of “Jaysh al-Fath” are referred to as “Ahlus-Sunnah” and the “truthful mujāhidīn” by al-Jawlānī in his most recent speech! 
The Command of Allah to Perform Ribāt Allah (ta’ālā) said, {O you who have believed, persevere and outlast (your enemy) in patience and perform ribāt and fear Allah that you may be successful} [Āl ‘Imrān: 200]. Ibn ‘Abbās (radiyallāhu ‘anhumā) said, “{O you who have believed, persevere} upon obedience to Allah {outlast in patience} the enemies of Allah {and perform ribāt} for the cause of Allah” [Tafsīr Ibn al-Mundhir]. Abū ‘Ubaydah Ibn al-Jarrāh wrote to ‘Umar Ibn al-Khattāb ‘anhumā), mentioning to him a gathering from the Romans and what was feared from them. So ‘Umar wrote back to him saying, “As to what follows, indeed whatever befalls a believing slave of hardship, Allah brings relief for him after it. Indeed a hardship will not overwhelm two eases1. Allah also says in His book, {O you who have believed, persevere and outlast (your enemy) in patience and perform ribāt and fear Allah that you may be successful}” [Muwatta’ Mālik]. 1 He refers to verses 5-6 of Sūrat ash-Sharh. (radiyallāhu 
As for the hadith reported by Muslim from Abū Hurayrah (radiyallāhu ‘anh) in which Rasūlullāh (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) said, “Shall I not tell you that by which Allah erases your misdeeds and raises your ranks? Completing wudū’ despite hardships (cold weather and minor wounds), taking many steps towards the masājid (for prayer), and waiting for the next prayer after the prayer ends. Indeed, this (waiting) is ribāt,” then the hadith is similar to those ahādīth describing jihād to be exerting oneself in obedience to Allah, hijrah to be abandoning what Allah dislikes, and Islam to be good words and feeding the poor2. It doesn’t limit the meaning of ribāt to waiting for prayer nor does its wording indicate that it’s a commentary on the āyah. For this reason, at-Tabarī (rahimahullāh) 2 See the Hikmah section of this issue. 
said after quoting the hadith from Abū Hurayrah in his tafsīr, “His statement {and perform ribāt} means ‘perform ribāt for Allah’s cause against your enemies and your religion’s enemies from amongst the people of shirk.’ I consider the linguistic root of ribāt to be binding (irtibāt) the horses in preparation for the enemy just as their enemy binds their horses in preparation for them. The word was then used for every person stationed at the frontier posts defending those behind him – throughout the area between him and them – those whom the enemy desires to harm with evil, whether the enemy has horses he has bounded or is on foot without a riding animal for himself. The reason we said that the meaning of {and perform ribāt} is ‘perform ribāt against your enemies and your religion’s enemies’ is because this is the well- known meaning of the meanings of ribāt. Speech should be understood according to the people’s prevalent and well-known usages from amongst its meanings before resorting to the lesser-known meanings until a proof comes with something contrary requiring interpretation of the speech according to a lesser-known meaning. This proof obligating submission would be a verse from the Qur’ān, a narration from the Messenger (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam), or ijmā’ (consensus) from the people of tafsīr.” 
Many people also don’t realize the difference between ribāt (defending the frontier posts) and hirāsah (guard duty). One might be on ribāt but not on hirāsah, like the murābit at the frontier post sleeping, eating, exercising, talking, reading, or praying before or after his shift for hirāsah. He might be a murābit at the frontier post cooking and cleaning for the other murābitīn, waiting and prepared to defend the front against any attempt by the kuffār to advance, but never having a hirāsah shift due to being needed in another service while 
What helps one understand the great reward in ribāt is to contemplate that the worshippers of Allah – including the scholars – would not be able to perform their acts of worship if not for the murābitīn defending the frontier posts. If the murābitīn abandoned their positions, leaving them defenseless, all Muslim cities, towns, and villages would be under the threat of being attacked and ransacked. Accordingly, scholars have said that the murābit achieves reward for all Muslims worshipping Allah behind him, as his ribāt enabled them to focus on their worship of Allah similar to how a Muslim who cares for a mujāhid’s family during his absence achieves reward for the mujāhid’s jihād. Rasūlullāh (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) said, “Whoever takes good care of the family of a fighter fighting for Allah’s cause during 
on ribāt, as determined by his leaders. He is a murābit even if his turn for hirāsah hasn’t come yet, won’t come for a very long time, or never comes at all, as long as he is sincerely committed to it if it comes. He is a murābit even if the frontier post he defends is quiet, although the reward for defending a dangerous front is greater. And hirāsah is a loftier level of jihād granted to him by Allah (ta’ālā) while he performs his ribāt and it becomes obligatory on him if his leaders order him with it. Rasūlullāh (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) said, “Two eyes will never be touched by Hellfire: an eye that wept out of fear of Allah, and an eye that stayed up guarding for Allah’s cause” [Hasan: Reported by at-Tirmidhī from Ibn ‘Abbās]. What an honor it is to exhaust one’s eyes while guarding the Muslims! 
Because of these āthār and others, when Imām Ahmad was asked, “Is there a (preferred) length of time for ribāt?” He answered, “Forty days.” Ishāq Ibn Rāhawayh commented, “It is as he said” [Masā’il al-Imām Ahmad wa Ishāq Ibn Rāhawayh]. These āthār indicate that when one performs ribāt it is best (not obligatory) that he does so for at least forty days or even more before returning for rest. This is ribāt upon the methodology of the Salaf. 
The reward of one’s deed growing after death was mentioned in another hadīth. “If the son of Ādam dies, his deeds stop except for three: an ongoing charity, knowledge being benefitted from, and a righteous son who supplicates for him” [Reported by Muslim from Abū Hurayrah]. The reward for this charity, knowledge, or son continues as long as the charity exists, the knowledge is benefitted from, and the son supplicates for his father, as implied by this hadīth and as made explicit by others, whereas the reward for dying while on ribāt continues to grow independent of any other condition, and this is only for the murābit! This reward is not mentioned for the battleground shahīd but for the murābit who might have died during his ribāt due to old age and while sleeping for rest! So how noble of a death is this? And how much of an encouragement is this for one to supplicate for the noblest death – shahādah – while on ribāt! 
Ibn ‘Abbās (radiyallāhu ‘anhumā) said that Allah’s Messenger (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) said, “The first of this affair is prophethood and mercy. Then will come khilāfah and mercy. Then will come kingship and mercy. Then they will bite each other over the Dunyā like the donkeys do. Therefore, adhere to jihād. And indeed the best jihād of yours (then) is ribāt. And indeed the best ribāt of yours (then) is in ‘Asqalān” [Reported by at-Tabarānī with a hasan isnād]. ‘Asqalān is a city in Palestine. 
both as words of the Prophet (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) and as words of some of the Sahābah (radiyallāhu ‘anhum) [See: Ibn Abī Shaybah, Ibn Hibbān, and al-Hākim]. And Allah knows best. The other narrations indicate that ribāt becomes the best jihād after the era of the merciful Muslim kings from amongst the khulafā’, during the reign of the tyrannical Muslim kings. Their reign was prior to the apostate tawāghīt’s era, whose era is ended – inshā’allāh – with the revival of the Khilāfah. And Allah knows best. 
the Imām), one did not prefer battle over ribāt because of his impatience or self-assumption, and one performed ribāt in general and returned to it after battle, then fighting in battle would be better because of what it contains of dangers and hardships. Otherwise, one should know that fighting in battle to avoid ribāt is improper for the true mujāhid to merely consider. It can reach the level of major sin if it entails turning away from necessary ribāt or disobeying the orders of leaders. How much more so is such thought dangerous when all the frontier posts are the priority for the crusaders and apostates in their attempts and plans to advance on the lands of the Khilāfah? 
After quoting Ibnul-Mubārak and Imām Ahmad on this, Shaykul-Islām Ibn Taymiyyah said, “In general, living on the frontiers, performing ribāt, and concerning oneself with ribāt is a great matter. The frontier posts were inhabited with the best Muslims in knowledge and deeds. They were the best lands in establishing the rites of Islam, the realities of Īmān, and the commanding of the good and forbidding of the evil. Everyone who wanted to dedicate himself to the worship of Allah, devote himself to Him, and achieve the best zuhd, worship, and awareness, then the scholars would direct him towards the frontier posts” [Jāmi’ al- Masā’il]. 
Al-Mundhirī (rahimahullāh) titled a chapter in his book “At-Targhīb wat-Tarhīb” with “Encouraging the Fighter and Murābit to Increase Their Righteous Deeds including Fasting, Prayer, Dhikr, and so Forth” He then mentioned the hadīth reported by al-Bukhārī and Muslim from Abū Sa’īd al-Khudrī (radiyallāhu ‘anh) in which the Messenger (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) said, “Whoever fasts a day while fīsabīlillāh (performing jihād), then Allah will distance his face seventy years from Hellfire.” He then mentioned numerous other ahādīth indicating that worship performed while on jihād is multiplied in rewards. He then said, “What is apparent is that the murābit is also fīsabīlillāh. Therefore his righteous deeds are also multiplied in blessing just as the mujāhid’s deeds are multiplied.” The opportunity for good deeds while on ribāt is greater than that during battle, as the murābit can pray, fast, read, teach, etc., with ease, whereas the fighter is often busied by the fierceness of battle, which in some cases can force him to even break the mandatory fast and delay the obligatory prayer. 
The above-mentioned āyah (Al-‘Ankabūt: 69) shows that seeking knowledge while on ribāt will be blessed by Allah’s guidance for the slave. A murābit can memorize the Qur’ān, study its tafsīr, memorize hadīth, and study its meaning. He can study tawhīd, īmān, adab, zuhd, fiqh, sīrah… And when he supplicates Allah to be enabled to practice what he has learned, he will find his du’ā’ answered and the anticipated guidance granted. His ribāt – inshā’allāh – will keep the knowledge firm in his heart and its effect ongoing on his tongue and limbs. Likewise, various ahādīth show that his ribāt will also multiply the blessings in other acts of worship he performs while at the frontier posts. 
Since the revival of jihād more than thirty years ago, mujāhid leaders have stated that jihād – on the personal level – consists of strides on a roadmap towards shahādah. One first performs hijrah to the lands of jihād (now, dārul-Islām), then gives bay’ah, pledging what it entails of obedience (sam’ and tā’ah) to the amīr (now, the Khalīfah) and commitment to the jamā’ah (now, the Khilāfah), then trains (i’dād) for the purpose of jihād, then patiently spends months of rībat, serves countless hours of guard duty (hirāsah), then fights (qitāl) in battles and kills (qatl) whom he can from amongst the kāfir enemy, and finally achieves shahādah. This map is based on texts from the Qur’ān and Sunnah3 linking these deeds to each other, the experience gained by living jihād on a day to day basis, and the observation of the shuhadā’ and their caravans. Of course, there are always exceptions, such as the muhājir who achieves shahādah during his training camp or the murābit who achieves it on his first day of ribāt. But this is the roadmap every mujāhid should grasp so as to maximize the fruits of his jihād. Otherwise, how can one expect to be patient on the fearsome battlefield while not enduring the hardships of ribāt? 
{Indeed, Our word to a thing when We intend it is but that We say to it, “Be,” and it is} [An- Nahl: 40]. {Originator of the heavens and the earth. When He decrees a matter, He only says to it, “Be,” and it is} [Al-Baqarah: 117]. {And it is He who created the heavens and earth in truth. And the day He says, “Be,” and it is, His word is the truth. And His is the dominion on the Day the Horn is blown. He is Knower of the unseen and the witnessed; and He is the Wise, the Acquainted} [Al-An’ām: 73]. {His command is only when He intends a thing that He says to it, “Be,” and it is} [Yāsīn: 82]. 
darknesses of the earth and no moist or dry thing but that it is written in a clear record} [Al-An’ām: 59]. {Say, “I hold not for myself [the power of] benefit or harm, except what Allah has willed. And if I knew the unseen, I could have acquired much wealth, and no harm would have touched me”} [Al-A’rāf: 188]. {Say, “None in the heavens and earth knows the unseen except Allah”} [An-Naml: 65]. {The Knower of the unseen. Not absent from Him is an atom’s weight within the heavens or within the earth or [what is] smaller than that or greater, except that it is in a clear register} [Saba’: 3]. {Or have they knowledge of the unseen, so they write it down? Or do they intend a plot? But those who disbelieve – they are the object of a plot} [At- Tūr: 41-42]. 
Absolute power, knowledge, and ownership are attributes unique to Allah (ta’ālā). This has always been the faith of Muslims since the father of mankind – Ādam (‘alayhis-salām) – treaded the Earth and will continue to be so until the last believer passes away shortly before the Hour. Only Allāh (ta’ālā) knows the minutest details of everything, controls all events, and possesses every atomic particle. Even the pagans of the Jāhiliyyah in the Arabian Peninsula did not doubt that Allah alone possessed absolute power, knowledge, and ownership, but they committed shirk in many ways including attributing partial knowledge of the unseen to soothsayers, assigning shares of their crops and livestock to idols, and claiming their idols held some influence to intercede for them. As for claiming their idols, soothsayers, and kings had absolute or near-absolute power, knowledge, 
Sadly, this shirkī attitude (both minor and major) entered the hearts and minds of many supposedly “Islamic” leaders, scholars, and callers – in imitation of the Arab nationalists before them – as they began to describe the enemies of Islam with attributes bordering rubūbiyyah (Allah’s lordship). To them, the kuffār had the near- absolute knowledge, power, and ownership to plot and execute any grand conspiracy of their desire. It is almost as if they attribute to them the ability to create with the word “be”! Their evil became most apparent in issues related to jihād. If one desired to perform jihād, these leaders would warn that jihād now was a conspiracy to kill off the sincere Muslim youth and thereby leave the Muslims’ lands to the secularists. If one wanted to join a jihād jamā’ah, they would warn that it was the creation of the kuffār so as to aid in achieving kāfir interests. If jihād operations – like those of September 11th – were carried out against the kuffār, they would claim these operations were conspiracies by the kuffār to justify their aggression against Muslims. If a mujāhid leader achieved shahādah, they would say that the kuffār used him up and needed 
No evidence is required to deduce a conspiracy, just desire and foolishness. As for when the cooperation with the kuffār against Muslims is clearly public, it suddenly becomes “maslahah” (the greater “good”). It is a “maslahah” to cooperate with the Americans against the Islamic State, not a conspiracy of kufr and treachery! It is a “maslahah” to cooperate with factions backed by the tawāghīt and crusaders against the Islamic State, not deviance nor apostasy! It is a “maslahah” to advance under the cover of crusader and apostate planes against the Islamic State, not a gate to the deepest levels of Hellfire! It is a “maslahah” to use the words “civil law,” “civil state,” and “self-determination,” not submission to the demands of one’s crusader and apostate backers! those 
If one were to reinterpret the history of the Muslims in accordance to the conspiracy theories of these theorists, he would come out with grave deviance. One only has to ask these theorists, were the Muslims able to establish a state and expand it only with consent from the Roman and Persian empires? Were the Muslims agents of the Romans or Persians during their wars against these two rival empires? Were the Persians faking their war against the Romans while secretly being their allies? Were the Muslims faking their battles against one of the two rival empires? Were the false prophets and 
to dispose of him just in case he decided to come out and expose the “conspiracy” of which he was supposedly a part. If the mujāhidīn liberated territory occupied by the kuffār, they would say that the kuffār allowed them to do so because kāfir interests necessitated a prolonged war. If the mujāhidīn announced an Islamic state, they would say that the kuffār facilitated such so as to justify their continued interference in Muslim affairs. And so, according to these theorists, almost all the events of the world were somehow linked back to the kuffār, their intelligence agencies, research, technology, and coconspirators! 
One of the worst aspects of these theories is that they require no evidence, just foolish “deductions.” And worse yet, many of these conspiracy claimants are themselves involved in real kāfir conspiracies! You see the Iraqi Sahwah fighting alongside the Iraqi army – openly backed by Iran – while claiming that the mujāhidīn are agents of Iran! You see Sahwah factions openly handing over territory to the Nusayrī regime, while claiming the mujāhidīn cooperate with the Nusayrī regime! You see the different Sawhah factions openly and publically meeting with Qatar, Turkey, Āl Salūl, and the Americans and discussing their plans for cooperation against the Islamic State, while claiming that the muhājirīn and ansār are allies and agents of foreign states! You see the Syrian National Coalition considering 
{They will not fight you all except within fortified cities or from behind walls. Their violence among themselves is severe. You think they are together, but their hearts are diverse. That is because they are a people who do not reason} [Al-Hashr: 14]. This verse explains that the kuffār may appear united whereas their hearts are actually full of animosity and enmity for each other. And this hatred sometimes manifests itself in their deeds. How can extremely grand conspiracies be executed if its members are so divided? 
{Have you not considered those who practice hypocrisy, saying to their brothers who have disbelieved among the People of the Scripture, “If you are expelled, we will surely leave with you, and we will not obey, in regard to you, anyone – ever; and if you are fought, we will surely aid you.” But Allah testifies that they are liars. If they are expelled, they will not leave with them, and if they are fought, they will not aid them. And if they should aid them, they will surely turn their backs; then they will not be aided} [Al-Hashr: 11-12]. This verse explains that the hypocritical allies of the kuffār are too unreliable to execute the orders 
of the kuffār. So how are their grand conspiracies supposedly kept intact for decades and centuries? {And from those who say, “We are Christians” We took their covenant; but they forgot a portion of that of which they were reminded. So We caused among them animosity and hatred until the Day of Resurrection. And Allah is going to inform them about what they used to do} [Al-Mā’idah: 14]. This verse explains the great partisan hatred the various Christian parties have for each other. 
{And those who were given the Scripture did not differ except after knowledge had come to them – out of animosity between themselves} [Āl ‘Imrān: 19]. {And they did not become divided until after knowledge had come to them – out of animosity between themselves} [Ash-Shūrā: 14]. These two verses explain the division and differing of the Jews and Christians and the animosity present between the two religions and their sects. 
{[Mention] when Allah said, “O ‘Īsā, indeed I will take you and raise you to Myself and purify you from those who disbelieve and make those who follow you superior to those who disbelieve until the Day of Resurrection…”} [Āl ‘Imrān: 55]. Ibn Zayd (rahimahullāh) said in explanation of this verse, “There is not a land with a person from the Christians inhabiting it, whether in the East or West, except that he is above the Jews. The Jews are humiliated in all the lands” [Tafsīr at-Tabarī]. And this is despite the kufr of the Christians. But because the kāfir Christians did not curse Prophet ‘Īsā (‘alayhis-salām) nor accuse his virtuous mother of sin, they were made to humiliate the Jews who cursed ‘Īsā and slandered Maryam. 
from Allah and a rope from the Muslims. And they have drawn upon themselves anger from Allah and have been put under destitution} [Āl ‘Imrān: 112]. Al-Hasan (rahimahullāh) said in explanation of this verse, “This Ummah overtook the Jews while the Majūs would collect jizyah from the Jews” [Tafsīr at-Tabarī]. This verse explains that the accursed Jews are always in humiliation and overpowered. The Jewish state itself was established for the Jews primarily by the British crusaders. And it was through Jewish-Crusader relationships and the self-degradation of the Arab apostates that the Jews gained mastery over the Arab tawāghīt. 
3) The kuffār are divided, hold animosity and enmity towards each other, carry out violence against each other, humiliate and degrade each other, yet they unite against the Muslims, their common enemy. {O you who have believed, do not take the Jews and the Christians as allies. They are [in fact] allies of one another} [Al-Mā’idah: 51]. {And those who disbelieved are allies of one another} [Al-Anfāl: 73]. But the kuffār’s unity is fragile and superficial. They often divide after unity and betray each other. 
5) Their real conspiracies always have material evidence and are not based on unsupported deductions – {guessing at the unseen} [Al-Kahf: 22]. {And they have thereof no knowledge. They follow not except assumption, and indeed, assumption avails not against the truth at all} [An-Najm: 28]. A common enemy and mutual interests does not necessitate that the mujāhidīn are agents of one of the two kāfir camps (especially when the mujāhidīn fight both camps and are fought by both camps). The mujāhidīn against the communist Russians were not agents of the crusader Americans, just as the Muslims’ war against the Persian Empire did not necessitate that the Muslims were agents of the Romans! Also, when one reflects on modern history, the different apostates waging nationalist wars always had open relationships with their kāfir allies. The real conspiracies were not secrets hidden from mankind. The Iraqi Sahwah openly met with Bush, the Iraqi regime, and Rāfidī leaders. The “Islamic” Sahwah factions of Iraq would openly fight alongside the tribal Sahwah against the Islamic State and would have public political representation under the shade of regional tawāghīt. The Syrian Sahwah openly meets in Qatar, Turkey, and “Saudi” Arabia. The Americans openly discuss their backing of the Syrian Sahwah and the support granted to its “Islamic” factions by American allies – Qatar, Turkey, and Āl Salūl. And long ago, the agents of the “Arab Revolt” would openly meet in Europe, Egypt, the Arabian Peninsula, Shām, and Iraq with different crusader officials from amongst the British. 
6) Grand conspiracies consist of so many factors only controllable by Allah (ta’ālā). An example of such a grand conspiracy theory is that of September 11th being carried out by the Americans themselves. How many members of the crusader government would have to be under permanent watch to prevent news of the operation getting out before its execution? How many involved mouths would have to be silenced all over the world to keep such a conspiracy from not being exposed after 
the fact? How many other matters would have to be guaranteed to preserve the conspiracy? Such an exaggerated outlook to the event only comes at the price of tawhīd. Does America have control over so many factors? The attack was against America itself, and according to the conspiracy theorists, it was executed by the Americans! How many American officials would have felt themselves to be committing “treason” by knowing of the “conspiracy” and remaining silent? The reality can only be the obvious one – the definite truth – and that is that the mujāhidīn under the leadership of Shaykh Usāmah (rahimahullāh) carried out the blessed attack and thereby humiliated America in a manner it never experienced before. 
In light of this, one should realize the difference between the various rival parties of the kuffār forming real alliances – like the Crusader-Safawī- Nusayrī coalition – to wage war against the Islamic State and thereby achieve their mutual kāfir interests, and between believing that the Christians, Rāfidah, Jews, and apostates are all covert members of the same secret society, underground political party, or grandiose conspiracy theory, all of them adoring each other and faking their hostilities. 
As a number of military factions in the lands of the so- called “Arab Spring” raise banners of a jāhilī origin, and because a number of jihād claimants have permitted and justified the raising of these banners in their supposed territories, even supporting the carriers of these banners from amongst the apostate Sahwah1 against the Islamic State, it becomes important to enlighten the Muslim Ummah about the history behind these banners. 
The historical origin of the “Arab Spring” banners – rather most of the flags raised by the various apostate Arab regimes – is a flag designed by the British crusader Mark Sykes. Yes, Mark Sykes of the Sykes- Picot Agreement, which divided the Muslims’ lands into nationalist states, the same crusader who also promoted the infamous Balfour Declaration behind the establishment of the Jewish state. 1 See pages 7-11 of issue #8 to read about the nationalist allies of the new al-Qā’idah in Shām and see samples of their various banners. 
During the various battles he and his sons led in the “Arab Revolt,” their soldiers were accompanied and supported by British crusaders including Colonel Cyril Wilson, Colonel Pierce C. Joyce, Lieutenant Colonel Stewart Francis Newcombe, Herbert Garland, and Captain T.E. Lawrence (the so-called “Lawrence of Arabia”), French crusaders including Colonel Edouard Bremond, Captain Rosario Pisanim, Claude Prost, and Laurent Depui, and French apostates including Captain Muhammad Ould Ali Raho. The British would even intervene with their navy and air force in battles to give al-Husayn and his sons the upper hand against their rivals. Al-Husayn and his sons meticulously obeyed the orders dictated to them by the British crusaders so as to guarantee their backing. The British eventually appointed them as kings over Syria, Jordan, Iraq, and Hijāz. The current tāghūt of Jordan is a descendent of this same family. 
Black was chosen to represent the ‘Abbāsī state, white to represent the Umawī state, green to represent the ‘Ubaydī (“Fātimī”) state, and red to represent the late “Sharīf”2 leadership of Hijāz. In this symbolism, he mixed between Islamic khulafā’, apostate Ismā’īliyyah, and apostate agents. He needed to give his Arab followers something symbolic, historical, material, and uniquely “Arabian” for them to rally around. This jāhilī banner became the flag of the so-called “Arab Revolt” he engineered. The flag was initially manufactured in Egypt by the British Military to be raised by their allies. 
Sykes, together with his peers and leaders, devised a plan to further divide the broken Muslims’ lands into nationalist states. The Muslims’ lands had been polluted by pagan domes (for grave worship) and plagued by manmade laws at the hands of Ottoman rulers, especially in the last two centuries before the eventual collapse of Ottoman reign. This fragile condition coupled with the policy of turkification – which promoted Turkish nationalism and degraded the Arabic language – aided Sykes and his allies in promoting the “Arab Revolt.” 
The British began negotiating with al- Husayn Ibn ‘Alī3 (the “Sharīf” of Hijāz – died 1350AH/1931CE) to rebel and declare an independent Arab nationalist state. Al-Husyan Ibn ‘Alī revolted against his former Ottoman masters and declared himself, with the permission of the British, “Sultan of the Arab Lands” and “Caliph” over a nationalist “caliphate” erected by 2 The word literarily means “the noble.” The leaders of Hijāz (Makkah, al-Madīnah, and surrounding regions) since 597AH/1200CE up until 1344AH/1925CE all descended from Qatādah Ibn Idrīs al-Hasanī (died 618AH) and were referred to by the title “sharīf” because of their Hasanī lineage. Because of the later generations’ apostasy through shirk and walā’ to the apostates and the crusaders, they are not deserving of this praiseworthy title. 
Al-Husayn’s family quickly lost Syria to the French (one of their former allies), Iraq to other more “ideological” Arab nationalists, and Hijāz to the apostates favored by the British, ‘Abdul-‘Azīz Ibn Sa’ūd and his sons. The British realized ‘Abdul- ‘Azīz and his sons could not and would never call for further expansion of their kingdom outside of their crusader designated territory under the claim of a “caliphate,” contrary to al-Husayn and his sons who – due to their Qurashī lineage – had entertained the idea of a “caliphate,” albeit a nationalist one built by crusaders. The British thereby betrayed the nationalist “caliphate” they themselves had once supported. 
The various apostate puppet regimes set up by the crusaders after the colonial era all have modified versions of the first flag designed by Mark Sykes, sometimes using three of the four original colors. The “Arab Revolt” flag was the father of flags that today represent different Arab nationalist states including Algeria, Egypt, Iraq, Jordan, Kuwait, Libya, Sudan, Syria (both regime and revolution), United Arab Emirates, Yemen, and Palestine, various Arab nationalist movements in regions of Somalia, Morocco, Mali, and Iran, as well as the apostate Ba’th party and its apostate Naqshabandī “army.” 
2) The crusaders rely upon the strategy of “divide and conquer.” They break up Muslims’ lands through nationalism, partisanship, and other forms of jāhiliyyah. They might even support the supposedly “more Islamic” party against the more secularist parties, if they feel the latter are not capable of preserving their interests in the region, like they supported the false “Salafī” ‘Abdul-‘Azīz against the Sūfī al-Husayn. And this is what is expected in Shām. As the Free Syrian Army has failed to secure any Western interests whereas the “Islamic” Front has succeeded, the “Islamic” Front will most likely win the greater favor of the crusaders through their Gulf and Turkish mediators. 
4) The crusaders try to draw their allies onto a slippery slope of concessions until their allies no longer have any principles that they hold onto and respect. Their religion becomes nothing more than personal and factional interests permitting them to abandon any ruling of the Sharī’ah they desire. This is why seeking aid from the kuffār against another kāfir enemy is dangerous, for their stipulations initially appear “innocent” before developing into blatant kufr. And how much more serious is it when an “Islamic” faction seeks the aid of the kuffār against the muhājirīn and ansār of the Islamic State! 
After this brief history, every Muslim should reject any group raising these jāhilī banners and every party cooperating with those who raise them against the Islamic State. The treachery deepens as the Sahwah seeks cover from the air forces of Qatar and Āl Salūl against the Islamic State. May Allah resurrect them within the ranks of their forefathers – al-Husayn Ibn ‘Alī4 and ‘Abdul-‘Azīz Ibn Sa’ūd – on Judgment Day. 4 See footnote #3 on page 21. 
The Islamic State provides the Muslims with extensive healthcare by running a host of medical facilities including hospitals and clinics in all major cities through which it is offering a wide range of medical services, from various types of complicated surgery to simpler services such as hijāmah. This infrastructure is aided by a widespread network of pharmacies run by qualified pharmacists and managed under the supervision and control of the Health Dīwān. Just as the medical staff in the hospitals and clinics are made up of qualified, trained professionals, the pharmacies are likewise only run by qualified and certified pharmacists. 
Category Outpatients Emergency Patients Lab Tests Minor X-Rays Kidney Dialysis Sessions Physiotherapy Sessions Children Admitted Blood Donors General Surgeries Bone Surgeries Urinary Surgeries Nerve Surgeries Ear Surgeries Gynecological Surgeries Emergency Surgeries Births Audiometric Tests Brain Stem Scans Ultrasound Exams ONE-MONTH COMBINED STATISTICS FOR AL-FĀRŪQ AND ‘Ā’ISHAH HOSPITALS (WILĀYAT HALAB) Amount 6711 4289 15688 2384 442 233 170 1151 140 261 18 15 3 47 16 576 45 11 400 
To achieve the stated aims, a new 3-year/6- semester curriculum was developed by senior medical experts. It consists of both intensive theoretical study in the first year with a gradual introduction to practical work under tutelage in the second and third years. This new practice- oriented curriculum is in stark contrast to previous curriculums that would include tāghūt-sponsored pseudo-sciences such as “culture” (i.e. secular nationalism) or superfluous subjects that are irrelevant to a physician’s day-to-day work. The new curriculum covers specialties such as general surgery, fracture and orthopedic surgery, trauma surgery, gynecology and obstetrics, cardiology, pediatric and medical emergency, ophthalmology, urinary surgery, neurosurgery, thoracic surgery and vascular surgery. 
The teaching staff consists exclusively of degree holders. Entrance is open to both females and males, with a dedicated school building, hospital, and female teaching staff for the female students. To support the students in their efforts the Islamic State does not charge any fees and provides the students with all that is necessary in terms of food, clothing, housing, transport, and books. For further encouragement high-achievers are granted rewards. 
A senior medical worker in the Health Dīwān in ar-Raqqah explained to Dābiq that the Medical College attracted more than 300 applicants, of which 100 were accepted, half of whom were muhājirīn. He also mentioned that the student body is highly motivated and achieved good results in the first months, but that the staff wishes for support from additional teachers, preferably muhājirīn with experience in the medical field. He also indicated that a practical laboratory will soon be opened for the students. 
The operations succeeded in killing more than 80 Sahwah members and wounding dozens more, with multiple Sahwah leaders amongst the casualties. Shortly after, and possibly as a result of the many dead leaders, the Shāmiyyah Front began to break up, with some of its member factions leaving to form competing coalitions. {You think they are together, but their hearts are diverse. That is because they are a people who do not reason} [Al-Hashr: 14]. 
Following the crusader coalition’s announcement that it had begun carrying out attacks on the lands of the Muslims, the Sahwah factions of riddah raced to offer their services to the crusaders and their regional puppets. This included sending them information on the locations of the mujāhidīn in ‘Ayn al-Islām, and likewise in Tall Mālid in the northern Halab countryside, thereby serving as the crusaders’ eyes on the ground. 
Last month, the soldiers of the Khilāfah succeeded in capturing the 4th Regiment base in Wilāyat Shamāl Baghdad. The region in which the regiment base is located is considered very important as it connects together four wilāyāt. It connects Shamāl Baghdad and Salāhuddīn with al-Anbār and al- Fallūjah. The victory dealt a severe blow to the Safawī army as the capture of the region meant that the Islamic State had now cut off the main Safawī supply route from Baghdad through al-Anbār. 
The battle commenced with the mujāhidīn attacking the main gate in order to pave the way for the istishhādī brothers to enter the base. This was after distracting all of the lookout posts. The gate was opened and the istishhādī brother Abū Mus’ab al-Almānī entered the base driving an explosives-laden armored military vehicle carrying 7 tons of highly explosive substances. His mission was to target and destroy the base’s command center. He entered and detonated his explosive vehicle, completely destroying the command center building. 
Allah’s Messenger (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) said, “Allah laughs at two men who both enter Jannah after one of them kills the other.” He was asked, “How, O Messenger of Allah?” He said, “This one is killed, so he enters Jannah. Then Allah turns to the other one in forgiveness by guiding him to Islam. Then he fights for the cause of Allah and attains shahādah” [Reported by al-Bukhārī and Muslim]. 
Despite forming a coalition of dozens of nations, allying with their longtime regional foe – Iran – whose militias refer to them as “the Great Satan,” conducting a relentless bombing campaign in Iraq and Shām, recruiting various Sahwah militias and Marxist Kurdish factions, and spending billions of dollars to wage media warfare, the crusaders could only watch helplessly as the Islamic State continued advancing in Iraq and Shām, expanding its territory both East and West. 
In the East, the city of ar-Ramādī – the capital of al-Anbār – was liberated by the soldiers of the Khilāfah in what amounted to a repeat of the Safawī army’s embarrassing retreat in Mosul. The residents of the city watched, and even recorded video, as Safawī convoys drove past them fleeing from the mujāhidīn’s advance. This occurred after the mujāhidīn of the Khilāfah led a fierce campaign dubbed “the Battle of Abū Muhannad as-Suwaydāwī” during which they captured a number of key areas and facilities in and around the city, including the “Anbār Provincial Council” building, the Anbār police administration building, the Anbār operations command center, 
the and the stadium area, the 8th Brigade base, “counterterrorism” administration, where they freed the Muslims imprisoned in the dungeons of the Safawiyyīn. It was a hard-fought victory, but the mujāhidīn spent little time celebrating, choosing instead to pursue the fleeing Safawī soldiers and their Sahwah allies, to continue their march forward towards the neighboring regions, and to prepare for the next major battle. 
The liberation of ar-Ramādī happened together with a major advance in the West by the armies of the Khilāfah, who were leading a renewed offensive in Wilāyat Hims. They liberated the city of as-Sukhnah and the nearby Najīb gas company, and also took control of a large part of the city of Tadmur (Palmyra). They then captured the checkpoint guarding the al-Hayl gas field on the road between as-Sukhnah and Tadmur after which they managed to take control of a large part of the gas field itself and lay siege to Nusayrī forces inside the Ārāk gas company. Just days later, the mujāhidīn took control of the Ārāk gas company after killing at 
The advances made by the Islamic State in al-Anbār and Hims, by Allah’s grace, demonstrate the mujāhidīn’s resilience towards crusader coalition airstrikes, and their determination to punish the enemies of Allah wherever they find them no matter how many obstacles they must pass through to reach them – and this without the need to declare a “storm of resolve.” The crusaders heavily underestimated the firmness and strength of the mujāhidīn, and their plans – by Allah’s permission – will soon crumble. 
The region known as the Yarmūk Camp was originally established in “1957” as a refugee camp for Palestinians fleeing the aggression of the cursed Jews. What was once a refugee camp eventually turned into a densely populated district that looked more like a typical Syrian town than a refugee camp, with the Nusayrī regime eventually including it within the municipal boundaries of the city of Dimashq. 
Last month, the soldiers of the Khilāfah advanced into the region of Yarmūk from the territory of al-Hajar al-Aswad, which has been under the control of the Islamic State for several months. It battled the local Hamas militia, Aknāf Bayt al- Maqdis, and took control of the district. Reports later emerged – including declarations from local factions present in the area – that the Aknāf fighters had joined hands with the Nusayrī regime 
to fight the Islamic State and take back Yarmūk. The treacherous nature of this Sahwah faction was on display even before the Islamic State began advancing on the Yarmūk region. Shortly before the Islamic State entered the region, Aknāf had concluded an agreement with the tāghūt Bashar that would see them handing control of Yarmūk to the Nusayrī regime. Indeed, this treacherous contract was just another instance in a string of agreements made between the Nusayriyyah and various Sahwah factions in the region, and was the main factor that pushed the Islamic State to enter Yarmūk when it did. 
The preparation for the battle of Yarmūk began with months of intelligence gathering carried out by Islamic State intelligence agents who managed to compromise the Sahwah leadership on a very high level and gain hold of sensitive information. The intelligence revealed that Aknāf was forming a plan to hand the region of Yarmūk over to the Nusayrī regime under the pretext of “national interests.” The Islamic State acted on this intelligence by creating a plan to counter Aknāf’s move, and by Allah’s grace, the mujāhidīn succeeded in foiling the agreement. The battle for Yarmūk began with the Islamic State attacking from multiple directions and taking control of a number of neighborhoods. As the battle continued, Islamic State cells in Yarmūk as well as the surrounding regions continued to play a key role, including multiple units of Islamic State cells in the Tadāmun region north of the town of Yaldā who succeeded in blocking numerous supplies and reinforcements coming from the area northeast of Yarmūk. 
Following the mujāhidīn’s liberation of Yarmūk, the media jumped on cue and began disseminating lies against the Islamic State and trumpeting the cause of Yarmūk, an issue that they were largely indifferent to throughout the years of siege and starvation that the people of the region suffered. As for the Nusayrī regime, it quickly sought to find a support base with the secular tawāghīt of the West Bank region – the PLO. Shortly after the Islamic State took control of Yarmūk, the Nusayrī regime reached a deal with the PLO’s envoy to Dimashq that would see Palestinian factions fighting alongside the Nusayriyyah against the Islamic State. 
These victories against the Sahwah camp coincided with a daring raid on a number of military points in the Suwaydā’ countryside south of the city of Dimashq that comprise the Nusayrī military’s first line of defense for the Khalkhalah military airbase. A lengthy battle ensued in which the mujāhidīn of the Khilāfah left the Nusayrī army licking its wounds with more than 70 of its soldiers dead. Just two weeks later, the mujāhidīn continued pouring salt into the Khalkhalah wound by shooting down a Nusayrī warplane in the vicinity of the airbase. 
Islam, Īmān, Hijrah, and Jihād Fadālah Ibn ‘Ubayd al-Ansārī (radiyallāhu ‘anh) reported that Rasūlullāh (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) said during the Farewell Hajj, “Shall I not inform you who the Muslim is? The Muslim is he from whose tongue and hand the Muslims are safe. The mu’min is he whom the people trust with their wealth and lives. The muhājir is he who abandons misdeeds and sins. And the mujāhid is he who exerts himself in obedience to Allah.” [Sahīh: Reported by Imām Ahmad] ‘Amr Ibn ‘Abasah (radiyallāhu ‘anh) came to Rasūlullāh (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) and said, “O Rasūlullāh, who is with you upon this matter?” He replied, “A freeman [Abū Bakr] and a slave [Bilāl].” He asked, “What is Islam?” He replied, “Saying good words and feeding the poor.” He asked, “What is Īmān?” He replied, “Patience and kindness.” He asked, “What Islam is best?” He replied, “He from whose tongue and hand the Muslims are safe.” He asked, “What Īmān is best?” He replied, “Good character.” He asked, “What hour is best?” He replied, “The last portion of the night.” [Part of a hadīth reported by Imām Ahmad with a weak isnād; the individual replies have supporting ahādīth.] 
‘Abdullāh Ibn Hubshī (radiyallāhu ‘anh) said that the Prophet (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) was asked, “What deeds are the best?” He replied, “Īmān without doubt, jihād without ghulūl (ghanīmah theft), and a mabrūr (sinless) Hajj.” He was asked, “What prayer is best?” He replied, “That with long qunūt (Qur’ān recital).” He was asked, “What charity is best?” He replied, “What is given with effort by a person with little wealth.” He was asked, “What hijrah is best?” He replied, “He who abandons what Allah prohibited him from.” He was asked, “What jihād is best?” He replied, “He who performs jihād against the mushrikīn with both his wealth and life.” He was asked, “What killing is noblest?” He replied, “He whose blood is spilled and horse is slaughtered.” [Hasan: Reported by Imām Ahmad, Abū Dāwūd, and an-Nasā’ī] 
used to detonate explosive devices against the crusader patrols – who were magnified in the eyes of the cowards and were insignificant in the sight of this lion – to turn them into severed body fragments mixed with their vehicles’ wreckage. Thereafter, he moved on to media work because of the brothers’ need for him in this domain. Thus, he performed that which was due upon him in the best manner until the crusaders arrested him. In prison, he remained utterly steadfast and stayed there some years during which he increased his knowledge and studied Allah’s book until 
he ultimately memorized it by heart completely. In Ramadān, at “Camp Bucca” prison in Umm Qasr, he used to lead the brothers in prayer, completing a whole recitation of the Qur’ān, with other brothers behind him who had also memorized the Qur’ān. He mixed more with virtuous brothers, people of goodness, and experience. He used to fast and pray a lot at night, striving to be close to Allah (ta’ālā). He was a close friend for his brothers and source of steadfastness for them wherever he was. 
(rahimahullāh). Thus, He then left prison with increased steadfastness, knowledge, and experience. Thereupon he worked as amīr of ar- Rasāfah region in Baghdad. He ignited war and launched attacks under the leadership of the notable Wālī Manāf ar-Rāwī they launched the famous Battles of al-Asīr (the Prisoner), by which the strongholds of the Safawī Rāfidah collapsed and the Rāfidī bastions of shirk and the bases of the mushrik army were demolished. They raided the most heavily guarded places like the Central Bank and the Defense Ministry, the latter being a base for joint 
operations with the crusaders. Thus, the ministries and pillars of the Rāfidī government collapsed at their blessed hands until the heroic Wālī fell into captivity. Hudhayfah was then assigned leadership of all Baghdad as its Wālī. So he ignited it with vehicle bombs, demolishing the fortresses of the Rāfidah as well as their Safawī and Crusader masters, in retaliation for the religion of Allah against the filthy mushrikīn and in revenge for the honor of Ahlus-Sunnah, which was desecrated at the hands of the most evil creatures to tread on earth. He terrorized the Safawī regime and degraded it, deploying heroic soldiers armed with silencers. 
The Rāfidah then called for help from their crusader masters who mobilized whatever they could to get hold of this heroic lion. They provided all information about this unique man and his aids, most prominent of them being the brave knight, the military leader of Baghdad, Abū Khawlah. Hudhayfah al-Battāwī used to call him his closest friend due to his strong love for him until they were killed together in the prison. 
Then he and the brothers with him began coordinating from inside the prison with the brothers outside. They provided them with two pistols, TNT explosives, and detonators. The smuggling method was clever and their surveillance apparatuses and security procedures were unable to uncover it. The agreement was that the attack on the prison would begin from 1 The attack is discussed briefly on pages 30-32 of issue #7. 
Thus approached zero hour, but the attack did not occur in the morning as planned because the appointment changed due to the apostate warden coming to them at night to take them out for interrogation. So Hudhayfah took care of killing him. Then he went to the director of “Counter- Terrorism,” the enemy of Allah, Mu’ayyad as- Sālih. He executed him and retaliated for the Muslims. Likewise, the brother Abū Khawlah, military leader of Baghdad, and the rest of his brothers clashed with the apostates and they killed everyone in the prison in which the mujāhidīn were tortured and had experienced that which only Allah knows of. 
They rode the apostates’ car from the prison building and arrived at the Interior Ministry’s gateway. They then clashed with the apostates. The crusaders stepped in, striking them with Apache helicopters. However, the brothers persisted with their combat until they were all killed while facing the enemy not retreating. They were ten from the best of knights, led by our knight, the Wālī Hudhayfah al-Battāwī. 
He (rahimahullāh) was eager to achieve shahādah, so he got what he was yearning for, not dying until he made the apostates cry, debilitated them with wounds, and made them taste death and sadness that kindled in them the pain of defeat and failure. He (rahimahullāh) was already married for some time before his killing, and at the time of his arrest, he was bestowed with a child. He (rahimahullāh) was killed and never met his son. The worldly life, its pleasures, and adornments did not succeed in tempting him even for a single day. Every Muslim should raise his head out of pride for these men, with glory and honor, in the face of the people of falsehood. We ask Allah (ta’ālā) not to deprive us of His reward, nor to make us succumb to tribulations, and to generously bestow upon him as well as his brothers the reward and high rank in Jannah. 
Saby (taking slaves through war) is a great prophetic Sunnah containing many divine wisdoms and religious benefits, regardless of whether or not the people are aware of this. The Sīrah is a witness to our Prophet’s (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) raiding of the kuffār. He would kill their men and enslave their children and women. The raids of the beloved Prophet (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) convey this to us. Ask the tribes of Banī al-Mustaliq, Banī Quraydhah, and Hawāzin about this. 
The Sahābah and their followers in goodness treaded upon the path of the Prophet (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) after him. Therefore, we almost cannot find a companion who didn’t practice saby. ‘Alī Ibn Abī Tālib (radiyallāhu ‘anh) had nineteen slave-girls. Ibn ‘Uyaynah reported that ‘Amr Ibn Dīnār said, “’Alī Ibn Abī Tālib wrote in his will, ‘As to what follows: If something happens to me during this battle, then my slave-girls whom I copulate with are nineteen in number. Some of them bore me children, some of them are pregnant, and some of them are childless’” [Musannaf ‘Abdir-Razzāq]. 
After all this and after the sun of the Khilāfah radiated once again, and the winds of victory and consolidation blew, and the Islamic State, by the grace of its Lord alone, brought out the Islamic punishments and rulings of the Sharī’ah from the darkness of books and papers, and we truly lived them after they were buried for centuries… After all this, the ramblers dare to extend their tongues with false rumors and accusations so as to disfigure the great shar’ī ruling and pure prophetic Sunnah titled “saby”? After all this, saby becomes fornication and tasarrī (taking a slave-girl as a concubine) becomes rape? If only we’d heard these falsehoods from the kuffār who are ignorant of our religion. Instead we hear it from those associated with our Ummah, those whose names are Muhammad, Ibrāhīm, and ‘Alī! So I say in astonishment: Are our people awake or asleep? But what really alarmed me was that some of the Islamic State supporters (may Allah forgive them) rushed to defend the Islamic State – may its honor persist and may Allah expand its territory – after the kāfir media touched upon the State’s capture of the Yazīdī women. So the supporters started denying the matter as if the soldiers of the Khilāfah had committed a mistake or evil. 
Or did you and your supporters think we were joking on the day we announced the Khilāfah upon the prophetic methodology? I swear by my Lord, it is certainly Khilāfah, as certain as your ability to speak, see, and hear. It is Khilāfah with everything it contains of honor and pride for the Muslim and humiliation and degradation for the kāfir. Our Prophet (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) said, as narrated by Ibn ‘Umar (radiyallāhu ‘anhumā), “I was sent with the sword before the Hour so that 
‘Abdur-Rahmān Ibn Jubayr Ibn Nufayr reported that his father said, “When the lands of Cyprus were conquered, the people began to divide the captives. They separated between them as the captives were weeping for each other. So Abud- Dardā’ went aside. He then sat down upon the ground and wept. Thereupon Jubayr Ibn Nufayr came to him and said, ‘What makes you cry, O Abud-Dardā’? Do you cry on a day in which Allah has honored Islam and its people and humiliated 
kufr and its people?’ Then he replied, ‘May your mother be bereaved of you, O Jubayr Ibn Nufayr! How despicable are the people to Allah if they abandon His command. Were they not a manifest and powerful nation overpowering the people? They reigned until they abandoned Allah’s command, so they ended up as you see them now. Indeed when slavery befalls a people, then they have left Allah’s favor, so Allah has no need for them’” [Sunan Sa’īd Ibn Mansūr]. 
Therefore, I further increase the spiteful ones in anger by saying that I and those with me at home prostrated to Allah in gratitude on the day the first slave-girl entered our home. Yes, we thanked our Lord for having let us live to the day we saw kufr humiliated and its banner destroyed. Here we are today, and after centuries, reviving a prophetic Sunnah, which both the Arab and non-Arab enemies of Allah had buried. By Allah, we brought it back by the edge of the sword, and we did not do so through pacifism, negotiations, democracy, or elections. We established it according to the prophetic way, with blood-red swords, not with fingers for voting or tweeting. 
As for those who rebuked the Khilāfah’s soldiers for saby, then this is not surprising at all, for they themselves are those who crippled the obligation of jihād with false suspicions and crooked arguments. They are the same beards and their sheep-like followers. Why should we criticize them now? Isn’t it sufficient for us to know of their sinful sitting back that has bloated their potbellies and increased their weakness abundantly? 
They fear to speak up about a principle of the religion – the rejection of tāghūt? So do we then expect from them a word of truth on a secondary matter of the religion? Even the testimony of “There is no god but Allah,” they obscure it and don’t proclaim it openly, fearing that the cruelty of the tyrants – those they ally with instead of Allah – might reach them. They forgot the command of the All-Powerful to His slave Muhammad (sallallāhu alayhi wa sallam), {So declare what you are commanded} [Al-Hijr: 94]. Allah the One and Only is the commander and not Ibn Sa’ūd, nor 
They said one day that there’s no jihād, then a group of believers established – with Allah’s strength alone – the Khilāfah upon the prophetic methodology. Today they say no to saby, while some slave-girls in our State are now pregnant and some of them have even been set free for Allah’s sake and got married in the courts of the Islamic State after becoming Muslims and practicing Islam well. Our father Ibrāhīm (‘alayhis-salām) took Hājar as a concubine and she bore him Ismā’īl (‘alayhis-salām) and our Prophet (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) took Māriyah as a concubine and she bore him a son whom he named Ibrāhīm. It was reported that Zayd1 Ibn ‘Alī once entered upon Hishām Ibn ‘Abdil-Malik. Hishām told him, “It has reached me that you are entertaining hopes of becoming Khalīfah. But you are not fit for it as you are the son of a slave-girl!” So Zayd replied, “As for your statement that I am entertaining hopes of becoming Khalīfah – then no one knows the unseen except Allah. And as for me being the son of a slave-girl, then Ismā’īl was the son of a slave-girl, and Allah made the best of mankind, Muhammad, from his progeny.” 
Ibn Kathīr (rahimahullāh) mentioned that “al- Husayn (Ibn ‘Alī Ibn Abī Tālib) didn’t have any male descendants except from ‘Alī Ibn al-Husayn and ‘Alī Ibn al-Husayn didn’t have progeny except from his paternal cousin the daughter of al-Hasan, so Marwan Ibn al-Hakam said to him, ‘If only you took concubines, your children would be more.’ He replied, saying, ‘I cannot afford concubines.’ So he gave him a loan of a hundred thousand. He then bought concubines with it and they bore him more offspring. After Marwān became sick, he decreed in his will that nothing of which he had lent to ‘Alī Ibn al-Husayn may be taken. Thus, all of al-Husayn’s descendants are from ‘Alī Ibn al-Husayn’s progeny, rahimahullāh” [Al-Bidāyah wan-Nihāyah]. 
Ibnul-Jawzī (rahimahullāh) said, “This means that they were captured and enchained. Once they realized the truth of Islam they entered it voluntarily, and thus they entered Jannah. So the coercion into captivity and chains was the first cause. It is as if he referred to coercion (into slavery) with the word chains. And because this was behind them entering Jannah, he regarded it as the cause” [Fath al-Bārī – Ibn Hajar]. 
So whoever thinks that the ultimate aim of saby is pleasure, then he is a mistaken ignoramus. Otherwise, why did the Sharī’ah urge kindness towards slaves as well as good treatment of them even if they are kuffār whom Allah humiliated by making them into slaves owned by the people of Islam. Yet He (subhānah) made their liberation from the lands of kufr a way for their salvation and guidance towards the straight path. 
Yes, this is our – as they allege – “savage” Islam, ordering us with kindness even towards slaves. This is demanded even if they were to remain upon their kufr. And I swear by Allah, I haven’t heard of nor seen anyone in the Islamic State who coerced his slave-girl to accept Islam. On the contrary, I saw all of those who accepted Islam had done so voluntarily, not against their will. Once she bears witness that there is no god but Allah and that Muhammad is the Messenger of Allah and begins performing what has been prescribed for her of rites, then we say, “Come and be welcomed.” As for her heart, then we defer it to Allah (ta’ālā). 
As for those who appeared on the screens of falsehood, claimed to have run away from the Islamic State, made up lies, and wrote false stories, then I say, whoever has read history and studied the Sīrah knows that throughout the times there were devious and wicked slave-girls with stories that would turn a newborn’s hair grey. Hafsah, the Mother of the Believers, (radiyallāhu ‘anhā) ordered the killing of one of her slave-girls who had performed sorcery on her, so ‘Abdur-Rahmān Ibn Zayd Ibn al-Khattāb killed her. The slave-girl of Ibn ‘Umar (radiyallāhu ‘anhumā) ran away. Will we thus vilify the people of that time and blame them?! 
Are slave-girls whom we took by Allah’s command better, or prostitutes – an evil you do not denounce – who are grabbed by quasi men in the lands of kufr where you live? A prostitute in your lands comes and goes, openly committing sin. She lives by selling her honor, within the sight and hearing of the deviant scholars from whom we don’t hear even a faint sound. As for the slave-girl that was taken by the swords of men following the cheerful warrior 
(Muhammad – sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam), then her enslavement is in opposition to human rights and copulation with her is rape?! What is wrong with you? How do you make such a judgment? What is your religion? What is your law? Rather, tell me who is your lord? Never did the Khilāfah’s soldiers revive a Sunnah or extinguish a bid’ah except that you shouted with lewdness and heresy! Leave us alone with your burping and wait for a Khilāfah that Obama comes to you with or whose landmarks Abū Kurdūs (Iblīs) draws up for you! I swear by Allah, O you who feign to be knowledgeable and shout with falsehood in every gathering, surely the slave markets will be established against the will of the politically “correct”! 
Power belongs to Allah entirely. {And [yet], among the people are those who take other than Allah as equals [to Him]. They love them as they [should] love Allah. But those who believe are stronger in love for Allah. And if only they who have committed injustice would consider [that] when they see the punishment, [they will be certain] that power belongs to Allah entirely and that Allah is severe in punishment} [Al-Baqarah: 165]. 
Honor belongs to Allah entirely. {Give tidings to the hypocrites that there is for them a painful punishment – those who take disbelievers as allies instead of the believers. Do they seek with them honor [through might]? But indeed, honor belongs to Allah entirely} [An-Nisā’: 138-139]. {And let not their speech grieve you. Indeed, honor [due to might] belongs to Allah entirely. He is the Hearing, the Knowing} [Yūnus: 65]. {Whoever desires honor [through might] – then to Allah belongs all honor. To Him ascends good speech, and righteous work raises it. But they who plot evil deeds will have a severe punishment, and the plotting of those – it will perish} [Fātir: 10]. 
completely and decreed it would be so. {And fight them until there is no fitnah and [until] the religion is completely for Allah. And if they cease – then indeed, Allah is Seeing of what they do} [Al-Anfāl: 39]. {It is He who has sent His Messenger with guidance and the religion of truth to manifest it over all religions, even if the mushrikīn despise such} [At-Tawbah: 33]. {And sufficient is Allah as a witness} [Al-Fath: 28]. 
himself testified. {[Iblīs] said, “My Lord, because You have put me in error, I will surely make [disobedience] attractive to them on earth, and I will mislead them all except, among them, Your sincere servants.” [Allah] said, “This is a path [of return] to Me [that is] straight. Indeed, My servants – no authority will you have over them, except those who follow you of the deviators”} [Al-Hijr: 39-42]. 
And despite their weakness and the weakness of their master, Shaytān, they plotted for his sake. And so they became the object of the firm plot of the best and swiftest of plotters, without them realizing it. {And they plotted, but Allah plotted. And Allah is the best of plotters} [Āl ‘Imrān: 54]. {Then did they feel secure from the plot of Allah? But no one feels secure from the plot of Allah except those people in loss} [Al-A’rāf: 99]. {And when We give the people a taste of mercy after adversity has touched them, at once they plot against Our verses. Say, “Allah is swifter in plot.” Indeed, Our messengers record that which you plot} [Yūnus: 21]. {And I will give them time. Indeed, my plot is firm} [Al-A’rāf: 183]. {Or do they intend a plot? But those who disbelieve – they are the object of a plot} [At-Tūr: 42]. 
And Allah weakened their plots and led them to failure, misguidance, and severe error. {Rather, their [own] plot has been made attractive to those who disbelieve, and they have been averted from the way. And whomever Allah leaves astray – there will be for him no guide} [Ar-Ra’d: 33]. {But they who plot evil deeds will have a severe punishment, and the plotting of those – it will perish} [Fātir: 10]. {And Allah does not guide the plot of betrayers} [Yūsuf: 52]. {But the plot of the disbelievers is not except in error} [Ghāfir: 25]. 
But due to the deviance and arrogance of the enemies of Allah, they plot against His religion and His allies. Their plots almost cause the mountains to collapse out of shock that the kuffār dare to oppose the Lord of the heavens and the earth. {And they had plotted their plot, but with Allah is their plot [recorded], even if their plot had been [sufficient] to do away with the mountains} [Ibrāhīm: 46]. 
their houses, desolate because of the wrong they had done. Indeed in that is a sign for people who know. And We saved those who believed and used to fear Allah} [An-Naml: 50-53]. {And thus We have placed within every city the greatest of its criminals to conspire therein. But they conspire not except against themselves, and they perceive [it] not} [Al-An’ām: 123]. {There will afflict those who committed crimes debasement before Allah and severe punishment for what they used to conspire} [Al-An’ām: 124]. {Those before them had already plotted, but Allah came at their building from the foundations, so the roof fell upon them from above them, and the punishment came to them from where they did not perceive} [An-Nahl: 26]. {Then, do those who have plotted evil deeds feel secure that Allah will not cause the earth to swallow them or that the punishment will not come upon them from where they do not perceive?} [An-Nahl: 45]. {But the evil plot does not encompass except its own people. Then do they await except the way of the former peoples? But you will never find in the way of Allah any change, and you will never find in the way of Allah any alteration} [Fātir: 43]. 
So a Muslim should not grieve when hearing about the weak plots of the kuffār. Rather, he should be patient and certain of the kuffār’s imminent destruction. His strongest weapon is his tawhīd and what it entails of relying upon Allah alone, fearing Him alone, supplicating Him alone, and declaring his barā’ah from the mushrikīn. {And if you are patient and fear Allah, their plot will not harm you at all. Indeed, Allah is encompassing of what they do} [Āl ‘Imrān: 120]. {And be patient, and your patience is not but through Allah. And do not grieve over them and do not be in distress over what they plot} [An-Nahl: 127]. {Say, “Call your ‘partners’ and then conspire against me and give me no respite. Indeed, my protector is Allah, who has sent down the Book; and He is an ally to the righteous. And those you call upon besides Him are unable to help you, nor can they help themselves”} [Al-A’rāf: 195-197]. {He said, “Indeed, I call Allah to witness, and witness [yourselves] that I am free from whatever you ascribe to Him of partners. So plot against me all together; then do not give me 
An Address from the Khalīfah On the Last Plot of the Apostates On 25 Rajab 1436, the Khalīfah (hafidhahullāh) addressed the Ummah in a speech titled “March Forth Whether Light or Heavy” in which he briefly mentioned the background of a new plot against Islam in the making. He first warned against the attitude that led many of the militant factions into apostatizing and allying with the kuffār, and that is their willingness to compromise and hope for permanent peace with the crusaders. He said, “O Muslims! Whoever thinks that it is within his capacity to conciliate with the Jews, Christians, and other kuffār, and for them to conciliate with him, such that he coexists with them and they coexist with him while he is upon his religion and upon tawhīd, then he has belied the explicit statement of his Lord (‘azza wa jall), who says, … {And they will continue to fight you until they turn you back from your religion if they are able} [Al-Baqarah: 217] … So this is the condition of the kuffār in dealing with the Muslims until the establishment of the Hour. {And you will never find in the way of Allah any alteration} [Fātir: 43].” 
He also said, “O Muslims, Islam was never for a day the religion of peace. Islam is the religion of war. Your Prophet (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) was dispatched with the sword as a mercy to the creation. He was ordered with war until Allah is worshipped alone. He (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) said to the mushrikīn of his people, ‘I came to you 1 See the article titled “Conspiracy Theory Shirk” in this issue of Dābiq. 
with slaughter’ [Reported by Imām Ahmad from ‘Abdullāh Ibn ‘Amr]. He fought both the Arabs and non-Arabs in all their various colors. He himself left to fight and took part in dozens of battles. He never for a day grew tired of war … His companions after him and their followers carried on similarly. They did not soften nor abandon war, until they possessed the Earth, conquered the East and the West, the nations submitted to them, and the lands yielded to them, by the edge of the sword. And similarly, this will remain the condition of those who follow them until the Day of Recompense. Our Prophet (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) has informed us of the Malāhim near the end of time. He gave us good tidings and promised us that we would be victorious in these battles. He is the truthful and trustworthy, sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam. And here we are today seeing the signs of those Malāhim and we feel the winds of victory within them.” 
ceases to be accepted, and repentance will not cease to be accepted until the sun rises from the West’ [Reported by Abū Dāwūd from Mu’āwiyah] … He (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) also said, ‘There will not cease to exist a group from my nation fighting upon the truth, manifest until the Day of Judgment. Then, Īsā, son of Maryam, will descend, and their leader will say, ‘Come and lead us in prayer.’ So he will say, ‘No. You are leaders over one another as an honor from Allah for this nation’’ [Reported by Muslim from Jābir].” 
He described the imminent extinction of the grayzone by saying, “And if the Crusaders today claim to avoid the Muslim public and to confine themselves to targeting the armed amongst them, then soon you will see them targeting every Muslim everywhere. And if the Crusaders today have begun to trouble the Muslims who continue to live in the lands of the cross by monitoring them, arresting them, and questioning them, then soon they will begin to displace them and take them away either dead, imprisoned, or homeless. They will not leave anyone amongst them except one who apostatizes from his religion and follows 
is merely the spearhead in this war. It is but the war of the people of faith against the people of kufr, so march forth to your war O Muslims. March forth everywhere, for it is an obligation upon every Muslim who is accountable before Allah … There is no excuse for any Muslim who is capable of performing hijrah to the Islamic State, or capable of carrying a weapon where he is, for Allah (tabāraka wa ta’ālā) has commanded him with hijrah and jihād, and has made fighting obligatory upon him. And we call upon every Muslim in every place to perform hijrah to the Islamic State or fight in his land wherever that may be.” 
This is the order of the Khalīfah (hafidhahullāh). Either ones performs hijrah to the wilāyāt of the Khilāfah or, if he is unable to do so, he must attack the crusaders, their allies, the Rāfidah, the tawāghīt, and their apostate forces, wherever he might be with any means available to him, and he should not hesitate in doing so, nor consult any supposed “scholar” on this obligation. He should attack after declaring his bay’ah to the Khilāfah, so as not to die a death of Jāhiliyyah. And he will find an excellent example in the shuhadā’ of the Islamic State including Numan Haider and Man Haron Monis (Australia), Michael Zehaf- 
He then warned against the propaganda of the crusaders by saying, “America and its allies from amongst the Jews, Crusaders, Rāfidah, secularists, atheists, and apostates claim that their coalition and war is to aid the weak and oppressed, help the poor, relieve the afflicted, liberate the enslaved, defend the innocent and peaceful, and prevent the shedding of their blood. They also claim to be in the camp of truth, good, and justice, waging war against falsehood, evil, and oppression, alongside the Muslims! Rather, they claim to defend Islam and the Muslims! Indeed, they lie.” 
He then warned against the tāghūt rulers who tyrannize the Muslim lands with manmade laws and prostrate to the Crusaders. He said, “O Muslims, the tāghūt rulers who rule your lands … are the allies of the Jews and Crusaders. Rather, they are their slaves, servants, and guard dogs, and nothing else. The armies that they prepare and arm and which the Jews and Crusaders train are only to crush you, weaken you, enslave you to the Jews and Crusaders, turn you away from your religion and the path of Allah, plunder the goods 
He then expounded in detail on the apathy of the tāghūt rulers towards the Muslims and followed by saying, “The Arabian Peninsula’s rulers have been exposed and disgraced and have lost their supposed ‘legitimacy.’ Their treachery has become clear even to the laymen of the Muslims. And the reality of these rulers thereby became apparent. Therefore, their masters from amongst the Jews and Crusaders had no more use for them. And so their masters began to replace them with the Safawī Rāfidah and the Kurdish atheists. When Āl Salūl realized their masters’ abandonment of them, their disposal of them like tattered shoes, and their replacement of them, they launched their supposed war against the Rāfidah of Yemen. And it is not a storm of resolve, rather it is the kick of a dying person, by Allah’s permission, as he struggles during his last breaths.” 
is high everywhere and whose reality has become clear to all the Muslims and therefore the Muslims began to gradually rally around it. Their storm is nothing but a storm of delusion after the fire of the Rāfidah scorched their thrones and after the Rāfidah’s march reached the people of the Arabian Peninsula, a matter that will lead thereafter to the Muslim public in the Arabian Peninsula rallying around the Islamic State since it defends them against the Rāfidah. This is what frightens Āl Salūl and the rulers of the Arabian Peninsula and makes their thrones tremble. This is the secret of their supposed ‘storm,’ which, by Allah’s permission, will be their imminent end, for Āl Salūl and the rulers of the Arabian Peninsula are not people of war nor do they have the patience for it. Rather, they are people of luxury and extravagance, people of intoxication, prostitution, dances, and feasts. They have become accustomed to the defense of the Jews and Crusaders for them and their hearts have drunk humiliation, disgrace, and subservience.” 
come O Ahlus-Sunnah for you to know that you alone are the targets? This war is only against you and against your religion. Has the time not come for you to return to your religion and your jihād and thereby bring back your glory, honor, rights, and leadership? Has the time not come for you to know that there is no might nor honor nor safety nor rights for you except in the shade of the Khilāfah?” 
He also demonstrated how the Rāfidah deal with their apostate “Sunnī” allies once they no longer have use for them. He said, “O Ahlus-Sunnah in Iraq … seek shelter – after Allah – with the Islamic State. What do you wait for after the truth has become clearer than the day and after the spiteful Rāfidah exposed their reality? Here they are today slaughtering everyone considered from Ahlus- Sunnah in Baghdad and elsewhere. No one was saved from them, even their allies, supporters, aids, tails, and dogs from the apostates who had once belonged to Ahlus-Sunnah, those in the Sahwah, army, police, and elsewhere, those whom the evil scholars confused into fleeing the implementation of Allah’s law in the territory of the Islamic State. So they became homeless, humiliated, fearful, and worrisome of the Rāfidah’s cruelty, whereas the Muslims live in the territory of the Islamic State 
Finally, he explained the growing weakness of the modern crusaders. “O soldiers of the Islamic State, be firm, for you are upon the truth. Seek help through patience, for victory comes with patience and triumph is for those who are patient. Be patient, because the Crusaders are bleeding to death, the Rāfidah are faltering, and the Jews are horrified and in dread. Your enemies have become weaker than they were yesterday – by Allah’s grace – and are growing weaker and weaker, and all praise be to Allah.” 
First, the crusaders have become too weak to wage their own wars. This is due to the blessed operations of September 11th and the subsequent jihād in both Afghanistan and Iraq. They are too weak financially, militarily, and psychologically to fight another war, although there is no doubt that they will eventually fight the Muslims at Dābiq after the crusaders’ betrayal of an impending truce. Because of their weakness, they have been forced to rely upon their allies and agents to fight their wars. In Iraq, since the collapse of the apostate Ba’th regime of the tāghūt Saddam, their allies 
were the Kurdish atheists from the Peshmerga, the Safawī2 government forces, the Safawī militias, and the “Sunnī” Sahwah of apostasy. Over time, the “Sunnī” Sahwah was abandoned for the sake of a stable central Safawī regime. The Sahwah was not wholly trusted since some of its factions had at one time in the past participated in the war against the Crusaders and their Rāfidī allies. Accordingly, after the withdrawal of American forces, the Sahwah was betrayed by its former Safawī ally, and so many of its members found themselves imprisoned and tortured by the Rāfidah they once had served. 
In Shām, initially the crusaders had confidence in the Free Syrian Army (FSA), which belongs to the Syrian National Coalition (SNC) interim “government.” But the crusaders were surprised to find much of the military and non-military aid they provided to these factions being sold to merchants and arms dealers and eventually ending up with the Islamic State. What was not sold by the crusaders’ unreliable agents would ultimately be taken as war-booty by the Khilāfah’s army. The crusaders could not rely upon the FSA, as it was too corrupt and lacked a coherent leadership. So their major ally in the region became the Kurdish atheists belonging to the PKK – the allies of the tāghūt Bashar. Throughout the early years of the modern events in Shām, the PKK ruled parts of Halab, ar-Raqqah, and al-Barakah in agreement with the Nusayrī regime, and were tasked by Bashar with crushing the Muslims revolting against his regime in these regions. The PKK was in essence a Kurdish Shabbīhah and continues to be so in areas they control. But because they were more coherent as an organization and because they were more “ideologically” driven, the crusaders favored them over the FSA. 
So the crusaders relied upon the Kurdish allies of the Rāfidah in Iraq (the Peshmerga) and upon the Kurdish allies of the Nusayriyyah in Shām (the PKK). Also, their policy of backing the Safawī regime in Iraq and negotiating with the Safawī 2 This word is in reference to the apostate Safavid dynasty – Sūfī Rāfidī Persians who ruled parts of Afghanistan, Shām, the Arabian Gulf, the South Caucasus, Persia, Iraq, Shām, Turkey, Balochistan, Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, and Uzbekistan. These Rāfidī rulers forced their religion upon the lands they conquered. This eventually led to the majority of modern-day “Iran” adopting this apostasy. 
Quickly, the tawāghīt of Turkey, Āl Salūl, and Qatar – the triad of apostasy – mobilized without seeking permission from their crusader masters. They gained support from the Arab and non-Arab tawāghīt of Bahrain, Kuwait, the UAE, Egypt, Jordan, Morocco, Senegal, Bangladesh, Sudan, Pakistan, and Somalia, to aid the tāghūt regime of Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi against the Rāfidah of the Houthis and Ali Abdullah Saleh in Yemen. And despite the crusaders’ former claim of the Rāfidī Houthis not being linked to Iran, the crusaders pledged their support for the operation. 
then from requested its Turkey Sahwah allies in Halab – addicted to Turkish aid – to begin a war against the PKK in parts of the region, after a long truce had been observed by the PKK and the Sahwah factions including the Jawlānī front. The apostate triad – Turkey, Āl Salūl, and Qatar – also funneled aid to a newly formed coalition of factions addicted to tāghūt support – “Jaysh al-Fath”4 – to wage war against the Nusayrī regime in Idlib and al-Qalamūn. “Jaysh al-Fath” quickly added to its priorities a war against the Islamic State in al-Qalamūn. The funneling of this aid is a matter to which the FSA, SNC, the apostate triad, the crusaders, and even member factions of “Jaysh al-Fath” (such as Faylaq ash- Shām) admitted. The Sahwah factions including the Jawlānī front moved against the mujāhidīn of Dar’ā whom they accused of being Khawārij. A coalition of “Islamist” factions similar to “Jaysh al-Fath” was quickly formed in Halab. And suddenly the Sahwah factions were advancing upon the Nusayriyyah in Latakia and elsewhere, while the favored “rebel” allies of the 4 Read about a major member faction of this coalition in the article titled “The Allies of al-Qā’idah: Part 2” in this issue. 
leadership in Iran gave the Rāfidah the strength and confidence to mobilize internationally. The Rāfidah quickly took parts of Yemen. The Syrian regime was already an ally of Iran. Lebanon was largely under the control of Rāfidī militias. And with large Rāfidī3 populations in Bahrain, Kuwait, and “Saudi” Arabia (in the Eastern Province – Qatīf, Dammām, al-Ahsā’ – Najrān, and even al-Madīnah), smaller Rāfidī populations in Qatar and the UAE, and the Ibādī population of Oman all ready to move, the Arab tawāghīt felt their thrones threatened. Meanwhile, the Turkish tawāghīt worried about the aspirations of the crusaders’ Kurdish allies and the opposition to the tāghūt Erdogan regime based in the Rāfidī minority of Turkey. The tāghūt triad also worried that prolonged wars in Yemen and Shām would strengthen the Islamic State, as this would expose the coldness and treachery of the tawāghīt and prove the Islamic State was the sole defender of Ahlus-Sunnah against the Rāfidah and atheists. 3 This includes the Rāfidāh of the Zaydiyyah, Ismā’īliyyah, and Imāmiyyah. 
Through all this, the apostate triad intended to “prove” to their crusader masters that they were still essential to the future of the region, that they had the power to influence the outcome there, and that their opinion mattered when it came to American-Rāfidī relations and the issue of Rāfidī nuclear ambitions. Essentially, it was greed, fear, and envy which moved them. They wanted themselves, not the Rāfidah, to be the favored allies of their crusaders. 
This competition between the crusaders and the tawāghīt, between the “Sunnī” apostates and the Rāfidah, between the FSA and the “Islamic” Front, between the Jawlānī front and the nationalist factions, between the Jawlānī front and the “Islamic” factions, and between the Kurdish atheists and the “opposition” factions, is all indicative of the imminent breakdown of their plots. {You think they are together, but their hearts are diverse. That is because they are a people who do not reason} [Al-Hashr: 14]. 
Meanwhile, the apostate triad began to withdraw vocal support for the Safawī regime in Iraq, fearing its long-term ambitions would disturb their own thrones. It also called upon the leaders of the “Islamic” Front to gather again in Turkey and discuss developments on the ground in Shām, plots for the future, and the terms of their “unconditional” support. One of the plots discussed was a “storm of resolve” in Shām as cover for the Sahwah in its attempts to advance against the Islamic State. Again, the addiction to tāghūt aid is a problem for the Sahwah factions that facilitates their further drowning in apostasy. 
One of the most despicable positions a jihād claimant can find himself in is that the crusaders and Arab tawāghīt begin to consider him a possible alternative to the Khilāfah or a partial “solution” to preventing its expansion. When one hears that the crusaders now consider this or that party of jihād claimants as a potential ally serving the crusaders’ interests against the Islamic State, then wash your hands of that group and flee from them with your religion as you would flee from a leper! 
these The problem is not that the crusaders consider jihād claimants to have a common enemy – one whom the Muslims pronounce takfīr upon, such as the Rāfidah, the Nusayriyyah, the secularists, and the proponents of democracy… and whom the crusaders fear more than the Muslims for material reasons, such as their Safawī enemy’s desire to produce nuclear weapons. But rather, they consider their common enemy to be the Islamic State that the jihād claimants ascribe themselves to had praised repeatedly. leaders shahīd these 
said, In an article for Foreign Affairs published on “13 February 2014,” he “The United States should also relax its conditions for cooperation with the Islamic Front and even consider closer contact with JN [“Jabhat an-Nusrah”] as they both work to bring down Syrian President Bashar al-Assad. That will put even more pressure on ISIS, while allowing the United States and the Islamist groups to get familiar with each other, understand each other’s perspectives and fears, and possibly even mitigate human suffering in Syria. Those ties would surely be valuable when it comes time to reconstruct the country.” (Note: The “Islamic” Front was already cooperating with the agents of the US – Qatar, Turkey, and the Saudis – but not directly and openly then with the US itself.) 
Islamic concept was This graphically mapped out by the crusaders of the Wall Street Journal on “29 August 2014” in a piece titled “United Against State.” They explained the map by briefly saying, “Fear over the spread of Islamic State means parties often at odds now share a common enemy… Parties that display friction or outright aggression toward one another are finding themselves aligned in a desire to counter Islamic State… The greatest odd bedfellow of all: Islamic State threatens al-Qaeda as well as the West, meaning that, in fact, al-Qaeda and the US now have a shared enemy.” 
A major crusader think-tank – the Carnegie Endowment – wrote on “24 March 2015,” “The West currently sees the Nusra Front as a threat. But Nusra’s pragmatism and ongoing evolution mean that it could become an ally in the fight against the Islamic State. … Instead of putting Nusra and the Islamic State in the same basket, the West should look beyond the Nusra Front’s ideological affiliation and encourage its pragmatism as it seeks an end to the Syrian conflict.” 
explains long piece is unconditional This the “pragmatism” of the Jawlānī front in detail: Cooperation with other factions and “ideology” is not imposed by force. The author of the article says in praise of the Jawlānī front, “… Nusra does not impose its ideology wholesale. While local sources say 80 percent of the Islamic State’s adherents in Syria are not Syrians, Nusra members are mostly Syrian and therefore more aware of regional variations in culture and customs. to modify This allows Nusra the ideology according to those variations …” implementation of 
The policy of relying upon the jihād claimants against the Islamic State had already been adopted by some of the Arab tawāghīt. The Carnegie Endowment wrote on “20 April 2015,” “The Islamic State seeks to infiltrate Jordan in many ways. Its most effective way of establishing itself is not by attacking across the border, but by coopting Jordanian extremist factions and exploiting the simmering social discontent among Jordanian youth. To counter these trends, the government has sought to exploit divisions between al-Qaeda and the Islamic State, releasing some clerics [al- Maqdisī and al-Filistīnī] aligned with the former group and allowing them a degree of media visibility.” 
This policy was even suggested for Afghanistan and Pakistan, as the Islamic State’s presence there threatened regional stability. The crusaders of War on the Rocks wrote on “13 April 2015,” “This much is clear, however: Mullah Omar still matters – especially in South Asia, where two important developments are playing out. Both are directly tied to stability, which is Washington’s chief interest in the region. And regardless of his fate, Mullah Omar will have an impact on each of them. Development number one is the deepening influence of the Islamic State in South Asia. … The second key trend is Kabul’s pursuit 
pragmatism. The group has been collaborating with a wide variety of local forces that are not pushed to fight under its umbrella. Instead, they fight with Nusra as allies – a radical departure from the Islamic State’s model, which does not tolerate collaboration unless absolutely necessary. This approach has enabled the Nusra Front to widen its network of support quickly, including the addition of some Free Syrian Army brigades in Aleppo, Hama, and Daraa.” 
This description of the Jawlānī front was mirrored in another piece written by the crusaders of Middle East Eye on “30 April 2015.” After describing the “pragmatism” of the Jawlānī front (cooperation with everyone and non-implementation of the hudūd), the author said, “Nusra could also benefit from US airstrikes against IS. The US listed the Nusra Front a terrorist organisation in December 2012, long before the emergence of IS, but since last year the US-led intervention in Syria and Iraq has largely focused on the aim of degrading and ‘ultimately destroying’ IS. While coalition airstrikes have also targeted Nusra positions, the group is less of a priority for the US-led campaign.” 
of reconciliation with the Taliban. … Late last year, US officials suggested that American forces will no longer actively pursue Mullah Omar. They intimated that he no longer poses a direct threat to US troops. Taken at face value, this reasoning suggests that Washington is simply not that concerned about him anymore … Then again, the US decision not to go after Omar may be an indication that it still regards him as relevant and useful. Washington may conclude that any and all roads to peace talks in Afghanistan lead through him, and that apprehending or attacking him would be a strategic disaster.” 
Worst of all, Barak Mendelsohn wrote an article titled “Accepting Al Qaeda – The Enemy of the United States’ Enemy” for Foreign Affairs on “9 March 2015.” In it, he said, “Since 9/11, Washington has considered al Qaeda the greatest threat to the United States, one that must be eliminated regardless of cost or time. After Washington killed Osama bin Laden in 2011, it made Ayman al-Zawahiri, al Qaeda’s new leader, its next number one target. But the instability in the Middle East following the Arab revolutions and the meteoric rise of the Islamic State of Iraq and al- Sham (ISIS) require that Washington rethink its 
“… Today, al Qaeda, although still a grave threat, is only one of several emanating from the Middle East. Washington must not only contain Iran’s hegemonic aspirations, which threaten US allies, but also fight ISIS’ expansion. Washington’s failure to balance these diverging interests became apparent when it made the mistake of coupling the bombing of ISIS targets in Syria with attacks on al Qaeda’s Khorasan group …” 
“In order for US President Barack Obama to fulfill his promise to ‘degrade and ultimately destroy’ ISIS, he must weaken ISIS’ control of Mosul, Raqqa, and other large population centers, as well as stop its expansion. Inadvertently, the administration’s cautious approach to military intervention makes al Qaeda – which views ISIS as a renegade offshoot – an important player in curtailing ISIS’ growth.” 
succession since al Qaeda’s veteran leaders have dwindled considerably in recent years, making it more dependent on old guard figures such as Zawahiri to maintain unity. As such, the group’s fate may depend on Zawahiri’s personal survival. It is certainly ironic that at this point, when the United States is the closest it has ever been to destroying al Qaeda, its interests would be better served by keeping the terrorist organization afloat and Zawahiri alive.” 
This crusader interest is materialized best by the fact that the crusader backed secularists of the Free Syrian Army could not exist without the Jawlānī front, as was expressed by the secularist apostates of Orient News in a video report on “15 April 2015” stating that any clashes between the Free Syrian Army and the Jawlānī front would not serve the interests of either side “especially considering the expansion of the Islamic State southward, its attack upon Khalkhalah airbase, and an-Nusrah’s constant repelling of any expansion by the Islamic State, making an-Nusrah’s continued presence a guarantee for such an expansion not occurring.” This the recent cooperation between the Jawlānī front and the Free Syrian Army in Dar’ā against the mujāhidīn fact was demonstrated in 
What tops this off is the call made by various crusaders (“Protected Zones for Syria,” John McCain, Lindsey Graham) and apostates (the Syrian National Coalition) for the establishment of “protected zones” in Idlib, Dar’ā, and Halab – areas currently inhabited by the Syrian “al- Qā’idah” and its Gulf backed allies. These zones are to be protected from the Islamic State by crusader and apostate jets! May Allah have mercy upon the Mujāhid Shaykh Usāmah Ibn Lādin (rahimahullāh), whose call these jihād claimants have perverted so grossly. 
In reality, the total siege of South Dimashq began four years ago. An exception to that siege was the Yarmūk Camp. The regime conspired with Free Syrian Army leaders in the region to keep the camp open in order to empty the huge storehouses found in the district of ‘Aqrabā and Bayt Sahm. These areas were stores for the regime in which it would store staple food supplies like sugar, rice, bulgur, and so on, and it would use the Yarmūk Camp as a passage to move these food supplies out of the storehouses. 
and huge factories were completely emptied and nothing remained in the area except for scarce quantities sufficing the Muslims for a month or two. The work was completed under the gaze of Aknāf Bayt al-Maqdis and they were the ones supervising the only passage into the camp. The passage was closed on 15 Ramadān 1433, and it was at that time that hunger started assaulting the Muslims’ bodies and death started reaping their souls until more than 170 people died due to lack of supplies and hunger. 
Yarmūk: Aknāf Bayt al-Maqdis is Hamas’ branch in South Dimashq. This faction was established during the beginning of the events in Shām for a fundamental aim, which was the creation of an internal force considered “revolutionaries” who at the same time act as guards defending regime- controlled Dimashq; and Aknāf succeeded in this task. As for what concerns the relationship between Hamas and Aknāf, the names of the three 
leaders who founded this faction are as follows. Abū Ja’far, the general commander of Aknāf Bayt al-Maqdis, is a known personality in Hamas. Abū Ahmad az-Zaghmūt, known as “the Chancellor,” is the military commander. His previous position in Hamas was the personal bodyguard of Khālid Mash’al. Nidāl Abū al-‘Alā, the founding member of Aknāf, used to work as a personal escort for the prominent Hamas leader, Abū Marzūq. 
As for Aknāf’s war against the Islamic State, at the time of the Islamic State’s announcement, Aknāf did not dare to wage war against the Islamic State militarily. However, it was content with fighting the Islamic State ideologically, politically, and through propaganda. But after the announcement of the Islamic Khilāfah on 1 Ramadān 1435 and due to the greed of the factions and Sahwāt found in the region, Aknāf participated for the first time militarily in the war against the Islamic State. The fight persisted for about 8 months. At that 
Yarmūk: The agreement was to make the Yarmūk Camp neutral in the ongoing conflict in the region, and to hand it over to the Palestinian factions that were allied with the Nusayrī regime represented by Ahmed Jibrīl’s “General Command” militia, the Palestinian Liberation Organization (PLO), and some of the other factions. The “Chancellor” Abū Ahmad was tasked with the job of the negotiations and handover. He was assigned by Abū Ja’far and began the cooperation in a public fashion near the end of the plot. Our security sources are certain about this betrayal. The 1 This term refers to the plot between various Sahwah factions and the regime whereby the Sahwah hands over its territory to the regime after being guaranteed privileges for their treachery. 
Dābiq: After the Islamic State took over the camp, there were contradictory reports about the soldiers of the Aknāf faction. Some of the reports claimed that they surrendered themselves to the Nusayrī regime. Others claimed that they repented and pledged allegiance to the Islamic State. Others claimed that they escaped to the territory of the Nusayrī regime and are fighting alongside it against the Islamic State. What exactly happened to this faction? Does it still exist? 
Yarmūk: With the Islamic State’s entering of the camp and the powerful strike that it blew to Aknāf and the rest of the factions in the region, Aknāf divided into three parts. The first part surrendered to the Islamic State and saved their blood. Their numbers come close to 70. This was after the situation in front of them became clear and after they witnessed the treason and treachery of Aknāf with their own eyes, including Aknāf’s leadership leaving for the regime after being besieged at the outskirts of the camp and their return to the region from the Sīdī Miqdād passage after being provided with new plans, personnel, and munitions for the fight against the Islamic State. There are testimonies from some of their members that affirm the regime’s supplying them with munitions and food and the entering of regime elements to fight the Islamic State side- by-side with Aknāf. 
Yarmūk: After raiding the camp, the Islamic State found repositories belonging to Aknāf filled up with food supplies that were hoarded after Aknāf’s assumption of the distribution of food aid to the camp. It isn’t a secret to anyone in the region that the combatant factions like Liwā’ al-Islām, Abābīl Hawrān and Shām ar-Rasūl never experienced the effect of the siege. They used to store the food for themselves and their fighters, and sometimes the prices would reach record levels. The price for one kilogram of rice and bulgur reached fifteen thousand Syrian Pounds. There is a lot of proof against these factions and we have photos of Liwā’ al-Islām’s repositories after we raided them in the region of Yaldā. Their repositories were overstuffed with food supplies. Not only were they filled with essential supplies but with extravagant stuff like halva, nuts, seeds, and dates. These factions have not ceased to trade with the Muslims’ hunger in the regions of “reconciliation” until now and they hoard most of the food supplies that enter the region. The biggest share in these thieveries goes to the “shuyūkh” of the “reconciliation.” They even plotted to empty the camp of its Muslim residents by stipulating that food aid only be distributed to the Yarmūk families that reside in the regions of the “reconciliation.” 
Yarmūk: Due to the major propaganda war and the deceitful media claims, there was great fear from the Muslims of the camp, as the image conveyed about the Islamic State was that they love killing and slaughter and that they kill people based on suspicions. They even claimed that the Islamic State would cut off the fingers of those who smoked. Many other older fabrications were also spread by the new enemies of the Islamic State. We witnessed more than one touching event in the first days of the liberation of the camp. Once, a Muslim woman came out to us with her children and requested us to kill her and not to take her as a slave! Hasbiyallāhu wa ni’malwakīl! Thereupon we offered her bread and aid and clarified things to her. After some days, she returned and defended the Islamic State and said, “By Allah, I did not see anything but good from them and what they have brought forth for the people of the camp within days hasn’t been provided to us by the factions over years!” 
in the region, so the regime started pounding the camp with hundreds of explosive barrels and rockets and inciting some people to support the shuyūkh of evil to expel the Islamic State from the camp. They exerted various forms of pressure from outside and inside. One form of pressure was the deployment of checkpoints between the regions of “reconciliation” and the camp as well as blocking any food supplies for the inhabitants of the camp and al-Hajar al-Aswad from coming in. They started arresting any youth who belonged to al- Hajar al-Aswad or to the camp. As I mentioned to you before, they also exclusively distributed food aid to the regions of “reconciliation.” This was accomplished through the “General Command” militia, as this militia is loyal to the regime. 
Yarmūk: Our first and fundamental goal is the liberation of Dimashq and the liberation of the Yarmūk Camp is the first step for the realization of this aim. However, the matter is not easy, we ask Allah to strengthen us so that we liberate Dimashq, al-Quds, and Rome. But there is a matter that needs to be mentioned and it is that many of the factions in the region were found and created for the protection of regime-controlled Dimashq and to thwart any of our attempts to enter Dimashq. The Islamic State waged war against these factions and uncovered their plans, including those of the “Guards of Dimashq” 4th Division. The Islamic State rose to destroy this division and terminate its leadership, but Allah decreed that the division’s commander, an individual referred to as “Bayān Maz’al,” escaped. He now works in one of the regime intelligence departments. The second faction that was founded as an alternative to the 4th Division was Aknāf and they have been destroyed, by Allah’s grace. The new alternative which has appeared now is Liwā’ Shām ar-Rasūl and Zahrān ‘Allūsh’s militia and with Allah’s permission their purge from the region is going on now, as well as the preparations for the battle of Dimashq. 
Yarmūk: The southern region of Dimashq is divided into two main parts. The first part has joined the “reconciliation” with the regime and returned gradually to the control of the regime. This includes Yaldā, Babīlā and Bayt Sahm, which are dominated by the Sahwāt and ruled by three personalities whose allegiance is to the Nusayrī regime. Delegations from the regime composed of officers and officials enter these regions on a daily basis. All of this occurs under the gaze of those who are called the “mujāhidīn” of “Liwā’ al-Islām” and the rest of the factions. 
Yarmūk: The actions of Jaysh al-Islām and the other factions in the region are confined to turning their guns towards the Islamic State and its supporters, while the Sahwah frontiers with the regime are calm. We haven’t observed any conflict between them (the regime and the Sahwah) for about a year. In addition, as we said earlier, they are safeguarding the “reconciliations” in the three regions and reserving their forces, weapons, and ammunition for the fight against the Islamic State. The media delegations, including the Rāfidī media channels, enter under the protection of these factions, while the National Defense Force was formed by members of these factions, and their offices are available inside these regions of “reconciliation.” The convoys of the regime forces enter and exit from the checkpoints of ‘Allūsh’s “Islamic” Front. All attempts by the 
Sahwāt to assault the positions of the Islamic State are initiated with regime airstrikes on those positions. In recent days, we were able to see a large amount of ammunition entering these areas, and exclusively distributed among the factions who fight the Islamic State. It is a point to note that whenever the Sahwāt start a battle with the Islamic State, support gushes into “reconciled” areas and the supporters pump huge amounts of money to these factions (Jaysh al-Islām, Shām ar-Rasūl, Abābīl Hawrān) that call themselves moderate. 
Yarmūk: The formation of coalitions to fight against the Islamic State especially in South Dimashq was witnessed in the last few weeks and months. The enemies of the religion rely mainly on Zahrān ‘Allūsh, who works to execute the plans of the West and its puppets in the Gulf. Recently, Zahrān sent a message of reassurance to the West and to his supporters from amongst the tawāghīt of the Gulf through a number of his speeches that were published on social networks, whereby he deployed all his forces to fight the Islamic State, leaving behind all his frontiers with the regime in total calm and not mobilizing these armed forces to break the siege on eastern Ghūtah. 
This mobilization was very apparent in al- Qunaytirah and al-Qalamūn. In the last few days, the regime made it easy for the convoys of Jaysh al-Islām to exit and go towards East Qalamūn to fight the Islamic State on its behalf. These coalitions were mirrored elsewhere on a large scale, in South Dimashq in general and in the Yarmūk Camp specifically. There were major plans made by these factions (Jaysh al-Islām, Shām ar-Rasūl, Abābīl Hawrān) to besiege the Islamic State in South Dimashq. These factions plotted and started fighting the Islamic State to expel it from the planned “reconciliation” regions because the Khilāfah completely rejects a “reconciliation” and fights and arrests anyone who pursues such an endeavor. Quickly, the Islamic State discovered these wicked plots, and began to thwart them. With Allah’s help, the plot to hand over the region to the Nusayrī regime was defeated. 
Yarmūk: After crushing the Sahwāt in al-Hajar al-Aswad region and after the great victory that Allah granted to the Islamic State, the soldiers of the factions who fought against the Islamic State found themselves at the crossroads. After this battle, the Islamic State became more powerful than before and its reality thereby became apparent to those seeking the truth, and so many soldiers of the factions rushed to participate in the Sharī’ah seminars conducted by the Islamic State. There were hundreds of participants, and all praise is due to Allah. We witnessed many pledges of allegiance from many well-known battalions in the region who dissolved completely into the Islamic State. 
them, to force the local population to leave the areas controlled by the Islamic State and enter the “reconciliation” areas so that they thereby strengthen the Sahwah’s fight against the Islamic State, and to give a message to the public that any region controlled by the Islamic State will be totally destroyed, and as a result, any attempt by the Islamic State to capture other regions will terrify the people of those regions. They also serve as a hopeless attempt by the regime to discourage the Islamic State from making any more advances. This is evidence of the regime’s military bankruptcy. Every time the Islamic State advances and inflicts severe losses on the Nusayrī army and militias, in revenge, the regime conducts random airstrikes on places where Muslims live. 
Yarmūk: Zahrān ‘Allush’s visit to Turkey and meeting with a number of leaders of the major factions that fight in Shām has its dimensions and consequences. Even the military demonstration performed by Zahrān’s army in al-Ghūtah on the occasion of the graduation for the training seminar was basically a message to the nations of the West and their puppets in the Gulf indicating that they are ready to secure the capital Dimashq. With Zahrān’s departure to Turkey, a number of factions in eastern Ghūtah dissolved and joined Zahrān’s army. We believe that there will be great support for Zahrān ‘Allūsh from the Gulf and the West in order for him to enter the capital, even if the matter requires a “storm of resolve,” like the one Yemen has witnessed. 
of authentic narrations. Dimashq is the camp of the Muslims during the great battle (al-Malhamah al- Kubrā). But every Muslim who cannot come and wants to perform jihād and support the Islamic State can do so wherever he may be, just as he was ordered by the Khalīfah (hafidhahullāh) in his latest address. A simple supplication from our Muslim brothers practicing ribāt is in itself support – a great support for us. Any advance of the Khilāfah against the Nusayriyyah and Rāfidah, any manifestation of unity through new bay’āt to the Khilāfah, and any attack against the supporters of the Sahwah – the crusaders and Āl Salūl – strengthens the mujāhidīn in Dimashq. May Allah facilitate for the armies of the Khilāfah to liberate Dimashq. Jazākumullāhu khayrā. 
The pledges of allegiance that are now being announced on a seemingly monthly basis from Islamic groups around the world to the Islamic State are exactly what every mujāhid prayed for and a nightmare scenario for the military and political leaders of the democratic world. The incredible growth of the Caliphate and the fact that it is a living, breathing entity with thousands of square miles of territory has given Muslims around the Middle East, Asia, and Africa the belief and confidence to take up arms, pledge their loyalty, and launch operations with a unity and strength of purpose that has simply not been seen before. 
Nothing on this scale has happened this big or this quick before. Huge swathes of Pakistan, Nigeria, Libya, Yemen, and the Sinai Peninsula are all now united under the black flag of tawhīd, gelled together as one by the Islamic State. Mujāhidīn of Afghan provinces that were the scenes of fierce fighting for over a decade costing America trillions of dollars are now, less than six months after America “withdrew” with its tail between its legs, loyal to the Caliphate. 
The West and its allies have, once again, been caught completely by surprise as they now find themselves fighting not just one enemy in Iraq and Shām, but now an international army of mujāhidīn numbering hundreds of thousands in different countries, whole continents apart. It’s taken the coalition the best part of a year to put together a campaign against the Islamic State that is only now seeing a Shia mob supported by coalition aircraft make moves against Tikrit, but that’s old news before it’s even begun. Why focus on Tikrit when the Middle East, Africa, and Asia are now on fire? 
“This isn’t just propaganda,” said Gary Bernsten, a former CIA intelligence officer on an interview with Fox News on 9th March. “ISIS has billions of dollars. They have a network of communications for reaching out to these groups. And it shows you how deadly and effective ISIS is. They are truly the most successful Sunni terrorist group in history because they’ve carved out a space for a nation state, and these other groups recognize that. It shows Obama’s statement that ‘this isn’t Islam’ is a false narrative. ISIS has been brilliant at selling itself to the hundreds of millions of people out there looking for a message.” 
who threaten us, while supporting partners on the front lines, is one that we have successfully pursued in Yemen and Somalia for years,” he said last September. I do not have any information on the current situation within Somalia, but Yemen is exploding, the Islamic State is already taking advantage of the chaos there, and it is clear nothing has been “successfully pursued.” The American embassy has been closed for more than three months now, out of fear “terrorists” might attack it, as the country descends into further chaos. Would you like those words served with relish or pickle, president? 
Let me throw a hypothetical operation onto the table. The Islamic State has billions of dollars in the bank, so they call on their wilāyah in Pakistan to purchase a nuclear device through weapons dealers with links to corrupt officials in the region. The weapon is then transported overland until it makes it to Libya, where the mujāhidīn move it south to Nigeria. Drug shipments from Columbia bound for Europe pass through West Africa, so moving other types of contraband from East to West is just as possible. The nuke and accompanying mujāhidīn arrive on the shorelines of South America and are transported through the porous borders of Central America before arriving in Mexico and up to the border with the United States. From there it’s just a quick hop through a smuggling tunnel and hey presto, they’re mingling with another 12 million “illegal” aliens in America with a nuclear bomb in the trunk of their car. 
Perhaps such a scenario is far-fetched but it’s the sum of all fears for Western intelligence agencies and it’s infinitely more possible today than it was just one year ago. And if not a nuke, what about a few thousand tons of ammonium nitrate explosive? That’s easy enough to make. The Islamic State make no secret of the fact they have every intention of attacking America on its home soil and they’re not going to mince about with two mujāhidīn taking down a dozen casualties if it originates from the Caliphate. They’ll be looking to do something big, something that would make any past operation look like a squirrel shoot, and the more groups that pledge allegiance the more possible it becomes to pull off something truly epic. 
Let me finish with a quick example of the sheer motivation of the Muslim fighters the West now finds itself up against. The other day I had the opportunity to meet one charismatic fighter from an Arab country. Educated and intelligent, he told me with disgust that some of his blood brothers are serving soldiers in an Arab regime army. “I talk to them once every few months on the telephone,” he said. “They are my blood brothers, so I speak to them and advise them in hope that they might change. If they refuse, then inshā’allāh I will get the chance to kill them all on the battlefield. They fight for a tāghūt regime that loves America while I fight for Allah. Who is the stronger one?” 
It was an awe-inspiring and humbling example of how the West can never win this war. Perhaps once there was a chance that an attack inside the West or on Western borders by the Islamic State could be averted through negotiations, but no longer. As the territory of the Islamic State crosses from one border to another like a wildfire that is burning out of control, it’ll be only a matter of time before the Islamic State reaches the Western world. 
‘Abdullāh Ibn Mas’ūd (radiyallāhu ‘anh) said, “The Last Hour will not be established until inheritance is not divided and booty is not rejoiced over.” Then he said, while pointing towards Shām, “An enemy will gather against the people of Islam and the people of Islam will gather against them.” He was asked, “You mean the Romans?” He replied, “Yes, and there will be a severe retreat. The Muslims will prepare a detach- ment for fighting unto death that will not return but victorious. They will fight until night will intervene between them; both sides will return without being victorious and the detachment will be wiped out. The Muslims will again prepare a detachment for fighting unto death that will not return but victorious. They will fight until night will intervene between them; both sides will return without being victorious and the de- tachment will be wiped out. The Muslims will again prepare a detachment for fighting unto death that will not return but victori- ous. They will fight until night comes upon them; both sides will return without being victorious and the detachment will be wi- ped out. On the fourth day, the remnants of the people of Islam will arise to fight them and Allah will bring defeat upon their enemy. They will fight such a fight the like of which will not be seen (or which has not been seen), so much so that if a bird were to pass through their areas, it would fall dead before passing them. Thereafter, paternal relatives will count each other and find that after being one hundred, only one man is left from them. So what booty can be re- joiced over! And what inheritance can be divided! While they are in this condition, they will hear of a danger greater than this. A cry will reach them, ‘The Dajjāl has taken your place among your families.’ They will then abandon what is in their hands, ad- vance, and dispatch ten horsemen as a scou- ting party. Rasūlullāh (sallallāhu ‘alayhi wa sallam) said, ‘I know their names, the na- mes of their fathers, and the colors of their horses. They will be the best horsemen on the face of the Earth on that day or amongst the best horsemen on the face of the Earth on that day’” [Sahīh Muslim]. 
Two weeks ago, on the Friday marking the 9th day of the blessed month of Ramadān, the Crusaders and the Rāfidah were struck by a wave of attacks in three different regions, one of them in the crusader city of Lyon. The day of the attacks would come to be known as “Bloody Friday,”1 a day that brought more healing to the hearts of the Muslims and the mujāhidīn, and filled the hearts of their enemies with terror and rage. 
In Lyon, a daring Muslim came to the defense of the Khilāfah by storming a French factory and beheading a kāfir belonging to France, a crusader coalition nation waging war against the Khilāfah. Two even bloodier strikes were carried out in Tunisia and Kuwait by wilāyāt of the Islamic State. In Kuwait, a Rāfidī temple was rocked by an explosion set off by Abū Sulaymān al-Muwahhid, a mujāhid who charged into the midst of the Rāfidah and punished them in revenge for Ahlus-Sunnah and in defense of the Khilāfah, which the government of Kuwait is waging war against as part of the crusader 1 In French media, it would be referred to as “Black Friday.” 
it’s the member nations of the crusader coalition, a coalition that fights the Sharī’ah wherever established, seeking to uproot it and replace it with a nationalist democracy. Shaykh Abū Muhammad al-‘Adnānī (hafidhahullāh) stated, “O muwahhidīn in Europe, America, Australia, and Canada… O muwahhidīn in Morocco and Algeria… O muwahhidīn in Khurāsān, al-Qawqāz, and Iran [the Sunnī Kurds and the Sunnī Arabs]… O muwahhidīn everywhere upon the face of the Earth… O brothers in creed… O people of walā’ and barā’… O patrons of the Islamic State… O you who have given bay’ah to the Khalīfah Ibrāhīm everywhere… O you who have loved the Islamic State… O you who support the Khilāfah… O you who consider yourselves from amongst its soldiers and patrons…” 
Muslims who set out to answer Shaykh al-‘Adnānī’s call to defend the Khilāfah often find themselves marching forward alone, with none to rely on for support in their efforts to defend the Sharī’ah except Allah. The jihād claimants, on the other hand, are relatively large groups of well-armed fighters that have the ability to take and hold territory and impose their will. Yet they refuse to establish the rule of Allah despite the strength and consolidation that He has granted them. 
In further contrast between the sincere muwahhidīn and the jihād claimants, one can see that the likes of the muwahiddīn who terrorized the kuffār on “Bloody Friday” and even before that, are typically vilified and made out to be extremists on the fringes of society, or individuals suffering from poverty, unemployment, or other social issues. Yet they persist in their jihād, not concerning themselves with how they will subsequently be portrayed in the sorcerous media or what the people would say about them. This is simply because they pursue the pleasure of Allah, not the pleasure of the people. The cowardly jihād claimants, in comparison, with their large numbers, heavy weaponry, and their claim of some regions of Shām, are nonetheless afraid of implementing the Sharī’ah lest they offend the people, therefore choosing instead to pursue the pleasure of the people over the pleasure of Allah. 
The call to defend the Islamic State – the only state ruling by Allah’s Sharī’ah today – continues to be answered by sincere Muslims and mujāhidīn around the world prepared to sacrifice their lives and everything dear to them to raise high the word of Allah and trample democracy and nationalism. In contrast, the jihād claimants in Shām and other regions are prepared to sacrifice the principles of the religion and wage war against the Islamic State in defense of a jāhilī nationalism coated with a thin veneer of “Sharī’ah,” knowing full well that should they succeed in taking any territory from the Khilāfah, that territory would no longer be ruled by Allah’s pure Sharī’ah. 
On Friday 2 Rabī’ al-Awwal 1435AH (3 January 2014), the Syrian Sahwah was launched against the Islamic State after the leadership of the factions gathered to plot their conspiracy. “Jaysh al-Mujāhidīn” and “Jabhat Thuwwār Sūriyā” (of Jamāl Ma’rūf) made the first move and were followed systematically by the “Islamic Front” and the Jawlānī front. One of the biggest allies of the Jawlānī front since the beginning of the Sahwah has been the “Islamic Front” with Zahran Alloush as its top military commander. 
“In his interview with McClatchy, he adhered to the moderate line: ‘If we succeed in toppling the regime, we will leave it to the Syrian people to choose the form of state they want,’ he said. ‘As for coexistence with minorities, this has been the situation in Syria for hundreds of years. We are not seeking to impose our power on minorities or to practice oppression against them. On the contrary, we have criticized the regime and fought it because it was practicing sectarian discrimination against the majority during the eras it ruled Syria.’” 
That ends the words of Alloush’s allies. To summarize: He believes in self-determination, a cornerstone of democracy. He believes in freedom of religion and religious coexistence, a cornerstone of secularist nationalism. And he compromises religious fundamentals, meets with Jewish leaders part of the crusade against Islam, and raises banners of secularist jāhiliyyah for the sake of obtaining aid. And yet, Alloush has been one of the top allies of “al-Qā’idah” in Syria (the Jawlānī front) – openly having praised both Jawlānī and al-Harārī (a major leader of the Jawlānī front) in interviews released officially by his “Army of Islam.” He himself has been praised by al-Harārī via internet tweets. 
This interview was followed by a declaration by the allies of the Jawlānī front condemning the Jawlānī front’s killing of more than twenty apostate Druze 1 A former member of Jawlānī’s shūrā council has also informed Dābiq that when Jawlānī was ordered by Dhawāhirī to join the apostate “Islamic” Front, he refused to do so, saying that Dhawāhirī was unaware of the situation on the ground. When Jawlānī was pressured by the former Ahrār ash-Shām leadership to follow Dhawāhirī’s order, he stipulated that Zahran Alloush be removed from the “Islamic” Front leadership, and yet he cooperated on numerous frontlines with the “Islamic” Front led by Alloush against the Islamic State since the beginning of the Sahwah?! 
in the month of Sha’bān in the village of Qalb Lawzah. This was shortly after Jawlānī’s promise to not harm them during his interview with the Qatari tāghūt’s channel, “AlJazeera,” and this policy is in accordance with Dhawāhirī’s “General Guidelines for Jihādī Action.” Dhawāhirī said under the section titled “Necessary Guidelines,” “Fourthly: The deviant sects like the Rāfidah, Ismā’īliyyah, Qādiyāniyyah, and deviant Sūfiyyah, should not be fought, as long as they do not fight Ahlus-Sunnah. And if they fight Ahlus-Sunnah, then the response should be limited to those combatant parties from amongst them while explaining that we only defend ourselves. These sects’ non-combatants, the families of these sects at home, and their places of worship, celebration, and religious gatherings should not be targeted. The exposing of their falsehood and deviant creed and conduct should carry on. As for the places that fall under the control and authority of the mujāhidīn, then these sects should be treated with wisdom after da’wah, promoting awareness, exposing their doubts, enjoining good and forbidding evil in a manner that does not create a greater harm such as the expulsion of the mujāhidīn from those areas, or the revolting of the masses against them, or inciting a fitnah that the enemies exploit to occupy the region.” This ends Dhawāhirī’s words. 
Druze villages that did not support Bashar al-Asad and did not fight. They are present in the liberated areas and were not exposed to harm. ” And when he was asked by the interviewer, “But you did not raid their villages, you did not destroy their homes, you did not seize their property, you did not destroy their temples, you did not do anything at all against them up until now?” He answered, “No, not at all. Not at all ... As for transgressing against them, then this has never occurred.” 
Shaykhul-Islām Ibn Taymiyyah r was asked about the ruling upon the Nusayriyyah and the Druze and answered, “The Druze and the Nusayriyyah are kuffār according to the agreement of the Muslims. It is not permissible to eat what they slaughter nor marry their women. Rather, they cannot be acknowledged with jizyah, for they are apostates from the religion of Islam, not Muslims, nor Jews, nor Christians. They do not recognize the obligation of the five daily prayers, nor the obligation of the Ramadān fast, nor the obligation of hajj, nor the prohibition of what Allah and His Messenger have prohibited of dead animals, alcohol, and so on. And if they manifest the two testimonies of faith [there is no god but Allah and Muhammad is His messenger] alongside these tenets of creed, then they are kuffār according to the agreement of the Muslims. … As for the 
Druze, then they are the followers of Hashtakīn ad-Darzī who was one of the followers of al- Hākim [the apostate ‘Ubaydī ruler]. Al-Hākim sent him to the people of the valley of Taymullāh Ibn Tha’labah and called them to believe in the godhood of al-Hākim. They call him ‘al-Bārī al-‘Allām’ [The Creator, the All-Knowing] and swear by him. They are from the Ismā’īliyyah who claim that Muhammad Ibn Ismā’īl abrogated the Sharī’ah of Muhammad Ibn ‘Abdillāh . They are worse in kufr than the extreme Shī’ah. They claim that the world existed eternally and deny the obligations and prohibitions of Islam. They are from the Bātinī Qarāmitah [those who claim the religion has secret meanings contradicting its apparent meanings] who are worse in kufr than the Jews, the Christians, and the pagan Arabs. They ultimately strive to be philosophers upon the doctrine of Aristotle and his likes or the Majūs. Their doctrine is a combination of the doctrines of the philosophers and the Majūs. They hypocritically manifest Shiism” [Majmū’ al- Fatāwā] 
He r also said describing the Druze, “The kufr of these people is a matter over which the Muslims do not differ. Rather whoever doubts their kufr is a kāfir like them. They are not at the level of Ahlul-Kitāb nor the mushrikīn. Rather, they are from the most deviant kuffār, and so the meat they slaughter is not halāl. Their women can be taken as slaves and their property can be seized. They are apostate heretics whose repentance cannot be accepted.2 Rather they are to be killed wherever they are found and cursed as they were described. It is not permissible to use them as guards, gatekeepers, or custodians. It is obligatory to kill their scholars and religious figures so that they do not misguide others. It is prohibited to sleep at their homes, accompany them, walk with them, or follow their funeral processions if their deaths are known. It is prohibited for the Muslims’ authorities to abandon the order of Allah by not executing the hudūd upon them” [Majmū’ al-Fatāwā]. 2 The scholars differ whether or not the repentance of the Bātiniyyah (which include the Druze) can be accepted by the Muslim authorities. Shaykhul-Islām Ibn Taymiyyah r said, “If they manifest repentance, then there is a difference of opinion amongst the scholars on whether it can be accepted or not. Those who accept their repentance if they abide by the Sharī’ah of Islam allow them to keep their wealth. Those who do not accept their repen- tance, do not transfer their wealth to their heirs from amongst their kin, for their wealth is transferred to Baytul-Māl” [Majmū’ al-Fatāwā]. 
He r also said describing the Bātiniyyah (which include the Druze), “If these people are overcome, they manifest repentance because the basis of their doctrine is taqiyyah and concealment of their condition. Amongst them are those who will be known and amongst them are those who might not become known. So the best way to deal with them is to be cautious concerning their matter. They should not be allowed to remain together, nor should they be allowed to carry arms, nor should they be allowed to become from the soldiers. They should be forced to abide by the laws of Islam, including the five daily prayers and recitation of the Qur’ān. There should remain amongst them those who will teach them the religion of Islam and they should be left with these teachers … And whoever is from the leaders of their deviance and manifests repentance should be expelled from their places and taken to the main lands of the Muslims where these sects have no manifest presence so that either Allah  guides him or he dies upon his hypocrisy without harming the Muslims” [Majmū’ al-Fatāwā].3 
These are the fatāwā of Shaykhul-Islām r explaining that the Druze cannot be considered ahl dhimmah, that they are worse than the Jews and Christians, and that if they repent and accept Islam then the Muslim authorities should be cautious of them due to their practice of taqiyyah and accordingly take precautionary measures in dealing with them. How much more so if they have not repented! In another fatwā in which he mentioned the extreme kufr of the Bātiniyyah (who include the Druze and the Nusayriyyah) and their treacherous alliance with other kuffār (the crusaders and the Tatars) against the Muslims, he said, “Their harm upon the Ummah of Muhammad  is greater than the harm of the war-waging kuffār like the kuffār of the Tatars, the Franks [European crusaders], and others … There is no doubt that jihād against these people and the implementation of the hudūd upon them are from the greatest acts of obedience and obligations. 3 As for those individuals of the sect who manifest clear signs of truthfulness, sincerity, and eagerness to further practice the religion after repentance from apostasy and after religious education, then, wallāhu a’lam, there is precedence for their case in the story of Tulayhah al-Asadī , who apostatized by claiming prophethood during the khilāfah of as-Siddīq and later repented and fought in the battles of al-Qādisiyyah and Nahāwand against the Persians, achieving shahādah during the khilāfah of al-Fārūq. See his biography in “Siyar A ’lām an-Nubalā’.” 
This is better than jihād against those who do not fight the Muslims from the mushrikīn and Ahlul- Kitāb, for the jihād against these people is from the jihād against the apostates. As-Siddīq and the Companions began with the jihād against the apostates before the jihād against the kuffār from Ahlul-Kitāb. The jihād against them preserves what has been conquered from the Muslims’ lands and so no one who intends to fight against the Muslims can enter these lands. As for jihād against those who have not fought us from the mushrikīn and Ahlul-Kitāb, then it is to further manifest the religion. And preserving assets is a priority over making gains. Also, their harm on the Muslims is greater than others’ harm. Rather, their harm is like the harm of those from the mushrikīn and Ahlul-Kitāb who fight the Muslims. Rather, their harm on the religion is greater than the harm of the combatants from the mushrikīn and Ahlul-Kitāb. So it is obligatory upon every Muslim to attempt to do as much as he is able of this obligation against them. It is not permissible for anyone to hide what he knows of their secrets. Rather, he must spread them and make them public so that the Muslims know the reality of their condition. It is not permissible for anyone to cooperate with them by allowing them to remain amongst the soldiers and state employees. It is not permissible 
“What occurred in the village of Qalb Lawzah contradicts the teachings of our pure religion that has prohibited oppression against people and the spilling of their blood without right regardless of their sect or ethnicity. We will take the necessary procedures in cooperation with the remaining sects to prevent the repetition of this event in other liberated places. We reaffirm the necessity of handing over all those involved to a neutral shar’ī court.” 
“Jabhat an-Nusrah has received with great sorrow the news of the event that occurred in the village of Qalb Lawzah in the countryside of Idlib on Wednesday 23 Sha’bān 1436, corresponding to 10 June 2015, the event that a number of members of Jabhat an-Nusrah took part in without referring back to their leaders and clearly opposing the instructions of the leadership of Jabhat an-Nusrah. As soon as the event took place, a number of delegations left from Jabhat an-Nusrah to inquire on the event themselves and reassure the people of the village and reaffirm that what occurred was a mistake without justification and which occurred without knowledge of the leadership. The village and its people continue to be safe and secure under our protection and in the areas of our control. Everyone who was involved in the event will be brought forward to a shar’ī court and be held to account for what is verified from him of spilling blood, and this is only ruling by the Sharī’ah of our Lord for an-Nusrah was established since the beginning only to raise the banner of the Sharī’ah and implement its rulings.” 
that since “Jabhat an-Nusrah reaffirms the beginning of the conflict in the land of Shām it has not directed its weapons against anyone except those gangs from the criminal Nusayrī army, deviant Khawārij, and corrupt factions, who transgressed and assaulted the lives and honor of the Muslims. The enemy has testified to this before the friend, and all praise is due to Allah. We also call everyone to be accurate and examine the truth and incidents before publishing and reporting them. The doors of Jabhat an-Nusrah are open to all. These types of mistakes can occur to all the factions but it will always be buried alive young by Allah’s grace as long as all our necks are lowered to the law of Allah .” 
So according to the Jawlānī front and their allies, spilling the blood of the apostate and treacherous Druze is oppression! And if it is proven that a person has done so, then he must be punished according to the “sharī’ah” they follow! The only matter left is whether or not handing over those involved to the “neutral shar’ī” court of their allies is part of the “sharī’ah” and if they do not submit to this court, have they abstained from submitting to the “sharī’ah?” 
“In December, Secretary of State John F. Kerry stated that ‘Syrians should not have to choose between a tyrant and the terrorists.’ There was, Kerry declared, a third option: ‘the moderate Syrian opposition who are fighting both extremists and Assad every day.’ Unfortunately, this commendable view has broken down because the United States has defined the term ‘moderate’ in such a narrow and arbitrary fashion that it excludes the bulk of the mainstream opposition.” 
“Nothing could be further from the truth. We believe that Syria needs a national unifying project that cannot be controlled or delivered by a single party or group and should not be bound to a single ideology. We believe in striking a balance that respects the legitimate aspirations of the majority as well as protects minority communities and enables them to play a real and positive role in Syria’s future. We believe in a moderate future for Syria that preserves the state and institutes reforms that benefit all Syrians … Syrians consider us an integral, valued element of the revolutionary landscape, yet we have been unfairly vilified by the Obama administration from Day One.” 
“The moral case against Assad should have been enough to discount him as an option, but now the facts of war have made it clear that he is finished. The only remaining question is who will deliver the coup de grace: the Islamic State or the Syrian opposition. That question should prompt Washington to admit that the Islamic State’s extremist ideology can be defeated only through a homegrown Sunni alternative — with the term ‘moderate’ defined not by CIA handlers but by Syrians themselves.” 
“Despite a disappointing lack of genuine engagement from the international community, we remain committed to dialogue. The issues that need to be discussed are how to end Assad’s reign, how to defeat the Islamic State and how to ensure that a stable and representative government in Damascus puts Syria on the path to peace, reconciliation and economic recovery while avoiding the disintegration of the state. It is not too late for the United States to change course. Kerry’s ‘third option’ exists — but only if Washington is willing to open its eyes and see it.” 
So he disavows “al-Qaeda” and its so-called “ideology” and announces they are willing to cooperate openly now with the crusaders against the Islamic State after almost two years of indirect cooperation through their tāghūt allies. And this faction was supposedly the most “Islamic” faction according to the Jawlānī front, who themselves aided them against the Islamic State despite their extreme deviance! 
{And [recall] when We took the covenant from Banī Isrā’īl, [enjoining upon them], “Worship none except Allah and be good to [your] parents”} [Al-Baqarah: 83]. {Worship Allah, and associate nothing with Him, and be good to [your] parents} [An-Nisā’: 36]. {Say, “Come, I will recite what your Lord has prohibited to you. [He commands] that you not associate anything with Him and that [you] be good to [your] parents} [Al-An’ām: 151]. {And your Lord has decreed that you not worship except Him and [that you] be good to [your] parents. Whether one or both of them reach old age [while] with you, say not to them [so much as], “ugh,” and do not repel them but speak to them a noble word. And lower to them the wing of humility out of mercy and say, “My Lord, have mercy upon them as they brought me up [when I was] small”} [Al- Isrā’: 23-24]. {And We have enjoined upon man goodness to [his] parents. But if they endeavor to make you associate with Me that of which you have no knowledge, do not obey them. To Me is your return, and I will inform you about what you used to do} [Al-‘Ankabūt: 8]. 
{And [mention], when Luqmān said to his son while he was instructing him, “O my son, do not associate [anything] with Allah. Indeed, association [with him] is great injustice.” And We have enjoined upon man [care] for his parents. His mother carried him, [increasing her] in weakness upon weakness, and his weaning is in two years. Be grateful to Me and to your parents; to Me is the [final] destination. But if they endeavor to make you associate with Me that of which you have no knowledge, do not obey them but accompany them in [this] world with appropriate kindness and follow the way of those who turn back to Me [in repentance]. Then to Me will be your return, and I will inform you about what you used to do} [Luqmān: 13-15]. 
In these verses, good treatment of one’s parents follows the order of tawhīd and the prohibition of treating them wickedly follows the prohibition of shirk! Allah’s Messenger  said three times, “Shall I not inform you of the greatest of major sins?” The Sahābah replied, “Yes, O Rasūlullāh.” He said, “Associating partners with Allah and wicked treatment of one’s parents” [Reported by al- Bukhārī and Muslim from Abū Bakrah]. He  also said, “The approval of the Lord is in the approval of one’s father and the anger of the Lord is in the anger of one’s father” [Reported by at-Tirmidhī from ‘Abdullāh Ibn ‘Amr]. 
It was also reported by the Tābi’ī Wahb Ibn Munabbih that Mūsā (‘alayhis-salām) asked his Lord (‘azza wa jall), “O Lord, with what do you order me?” He replied, “That you do not associate any partners with Me.” He asked, “And with what else?” He replied, “That you be dutiful to your mother.” He asked, “And with what else?” He replied, “That you be dutiful to your mother.” He asked, “And with what else?” He replied, “That you be dutiful to your mother” [Az-Zuhd – Imām Ahmad]. 
But the muwahhid should always remember that he is obliged not to obey his parents in what entails disobedience of Allah  as ordered by these āyāt and as the Prophet  said, “There is no obedience to anyone in disobedience of Allah. Obedience is only in good” [Reported by al-Bukhārī and Muslim from ‘Alī]. He  also said, “Upon the Muslim is to listen and obey in regards to what he likes and dislikes, except if he is ordered with sin. If he is ordered with sin, then there is no listening nor obedience [in sin]” [Reported by al-Bukhārī and Muslim from Ibn ‘Umar]. 
Amongst the major sins that many parents order their children with is the abandonment of the fard ‘ayn jihād (jihād which is obligatory upon each and every individual). They intentionally or unintentionally distort the meaning of various ahādīth on the obligation to obtain the permission of one’s Muslim parents before performing fard kifāyah jihād (jihād which is an obligation on the Ummah as a whole but not obligatory upon each and every individual). These ahādīth should be understood in light of other evidences including the statement of Allah , {Say, “If your fathers, your sons, your brothers, your wives, your relatives, wealth which you have obtained, commerce wherein you fear decline, and dwellings with which you are pleased are more beloved to you than Allah and His Messenger and jihād in His cause, then wait until Allah executes His command. And Allah does not guide the defiantly disobedient people”} [At-Tawbah: 24]. This āyah refers to a jihād that is not excused by obeying one’s parents. The scholars have unanimously explained that such jihād is the fard ‘ayn jihād. 
Ibn Qudāmah said, “If jihād becomes obligatory upon him then the permission of his parents is not taken into consideration because the jihād has become fard ‘ayn and abandonment of it is a sin. There is no obedience to anyone in disobedience of Allah. Similarly is the case of hajj, jamā’ah prayer, Friday prayer, travel for seeking obligatory knowledge. Al-Awzā’ī said, ‘There is no obedience to the parents in abandonment of obligations, Friday prayer, hajj, and jihād, because they are acts of worship that became obligatory upon him as an 
Ibn Abī Hātim r reported in his tafsīr that ‘Amr Ibn Yazīd al-Khawlānī and Ibn ‘Awn from amongst the Salaf (rahimahumullāh) – when asked by individuals for advice on performing jihād while their parents disapproved – would merely recite, {Say, “If your fathers, your sons, your brothers, your wives, your relatives, wealth which you have obtained, commerce wherein you fear decline, and dwellings with which you are pleased are more beloved to you than Allah and His Messenger and jihād in His cause, then wait until Allah executes His command. And Allah does not guide the defiantly disobedient people”} [At-Tawbah: 24]. That was their ijtihād in a time when most jihād was fard kifāyah. How much more applicable is their answer when the jihād is fard ‘ayn, as is the case today! Rather, there is no difference that the one who abandons jihād under any pretext when it is fard ‘ayn has committed a major sin and fallen into a branch of hypocrisy. 
Another mistake that some muwahhidīn commit after Allah has guided them is that they become abusive of their parents when advising them, when calling them to the truth, when enjoining good on them, and when forbidding them from evil, whereas Allah  ordered Mūsā and Hārūn (‘alayhimas- salām) to advise Fir’awn with gentle words. {Go, both of you, to Fir’awn. Indeed, he has transgressed. And speak to him with gentle speech that perhaps he may be reminded or fear [Allah]} [Tāhā: 43-44]. These verses indicate that when one gives da’wah – in general – it should be done with gentle words… How much more so is the case when the recipients are one’s parents? And how much more so when they are Muslims! 
Shaykhul-Islām Ibn Taymiyyah r said, “If the enemy plans to attack the Muslims, then repelling him becomes obligatory upon all those intended for by the attack and upon those not intended for by the attack, so that they support them, just as Allah  said, {And if they seek help of you for the religion, then you must help} [Al-Anfāl: 72] and just as the Prophet  ordered to support the Muslims” [Majmū’ al-Fatāwā]. 
The scholars mentioned numerous cases that make jihād against the kuffār fard ‘ayn, including the invasion of the Muslims’ lands, the imprisonment of Muslims, the imminent threat of attack against the Muslims, and the faceoff of the opposing armies. The Khalīfah (hafidhahullāh) has made a call for a general mobilization, further emphasizing this obligation – as one of the cases making jihād fard ‘ayn is the Imām commanding all the Muslims with jihād – so how can one ignore this clear-cut obligation now and be satisfied with submission to his lower self? How can one claim to be a muwahhid 
Harb al-Kirmānī r said he asked Ishāq Ibn Rāhawayh r, “Should a man enjoin good upon his parents and forbid them from evil?” He replied, “He should admonish them kindly. And he should not do so publically.” He then reported the athar in which al-Hasan al-Basrī r was asked by Salām Ibn Miskīn r, “Should I enjoin good upon my parents and forbid them from evil?” He replied, “Advise them if they accept. But if they do not respond, then be silent about them” [Masā’il Harb]. 
informing the ignorant person, admonishing with kind speech, harshness and cursing (by saying “O jāhil” or “O fool”), prevention with force in relation to the tools of the sin not the sinner himself (by pouring out the alcohol, destroying the musical instruments, etc.), and threatening to beat the sinner and actually beating him (which can only be done by those with authority over the sinner). He then said, “The son can use from these levels of hisbah: informing [his ignorant parents that such and such is a sin], then gently admonishing and advising them, and from the fourth level of hisbah, he can break their musical instruments, pour their alcohol out, and so on” [Mukhtasar Minhāj al-Qāsidīn]. “He is not allowed to practice hisbah on them with curses, harshness, threats, or physical beatings” [Al-Ihyā’]. 
The answer: All praise is due to Allah who made the universe upon a firm and wise system. May peace and blessings be upon his noble messengers – the guides of the nations towards the clear truth. And may peace and blessings be particularly upon our noble Prophet whom Allah sent as a mercy to all creation, to make them ascend on the ladder of wisdom towards the heavens and improve their condition in this world and the Hereafter. As for what follows: 
The question: “If the amīr (he means Mullā ‘Umar) is still present, then the bay’ah to the second amīr and the second khilāfah is not valid, because of what Muslim reported from Abū Sa’īd al-Khudrī , “If bay’ah is given to two khulafā’, then kill the second of the two.” And Amīrul- Mu’minīn (he means Mullā ‘Umar) was certainly once a leader. But now if we suppose he was killed, isn’t it a condition that it be confirmed with certainty, so that the people know about the appointment of a new imām (he means Shaykh 
who fulfills its conditions and qualification mentioned in the texts of the Sharī’ah and the words of the scholars. The imām could be general to all the Muslims, and he is called the general imām or the khalīfah. This leader, due to his status and the nature of his imāmah, has general influence; obedience to him is obligatory upon all the Muslims. This kind of imāmah is the default by which the obligation upon the whole Ummah to appoint a khalīfah is fulfilled and through him, the obligation is established. This is the intent of all the verses and ahādīth that order and guide towards appointing an imām and khalīfah, like the hadith, “Then there will be khilāfah upon the prophetic methodology,” and the hadīth narrated by Hudhayfah  “Stick to the jamā’ah of the Muslims and their imām,” and the hadith “If bay’ah is given to two khulafā’, then kill the second of the two,” and the other texts that are about the rules regarding the general imām or khalīfah who deserves this description having fulfilled the conditions and qualifications for it, as in the case of the khilāfah of the four Rightly Guided Khulafā’, as well as al-Hasan Ibn ‘Alī Ibn Abī Tālib, Mu’āwiyah Ibn Abī Sufyān, ‘Abdullāh Ibn az-Zubayr  and the khilafah of ‘Umar Ibn ‘Abdil-‘Azīz r, and others [from the Umawī and ‘Abbāsī khulafā’]. 
And it might be the case that the imām or amīr is specific to some region or land, then he would be a territorial leader whose authority does not exceed his territory, as the historians mentioned that when the khalīfah of the time Mu’āwiyah Ibn Yazīd died in 64AH, the people of Damascus appointed ad-Dahhāk Ibn Qays as a leader to look after their affairs until the general imām is given bay’ah. This kind of leadership is not allowed except in cases of necessity and when the general imāmah is dissolved. This is done to fill the political and shar’ī gap and to establish whatever is possible from the laws of the Sharī’ah. Many scholars of shar’ī governance have mentioned such appointments in such situations, like al- Juwaynī in his prized book “Giyāth al-Umam,” in which he said, “The purpose of imāmah is the betterment of the condition of the general public, planning the affairs, and protecting the frontiers.” 
“Therefore, if appointing a single imām whose orders are executed is possible, then there is no doubt that this is best in accordance with the requisites of governance. If this is not possible, it is not correct to leave and neglect the people whom the imām’s supervision does not reach, as there will be no leader to gather them nor any deterrent to prevent them from evil. So they have to appoint ministers to whom they turn for leadership. If they remain leaderless, they will perish, and this is obvious and unpreventable.” 
If not for the absence of the Khilāfah before, there would not have been a shar’ī justification for those territorial leaderships or small groups to be formed and remain. Accordingly, it is obligatory to appoint a single imām and khalīfah for the Ummah who will govern the people in accordance with Allah’s religion and make them follow the laws of the Sharī’ah. This is because khilāfah is similar to the case of water for wudū’, which is the default, and those territorial leaderships are like tayammum, which is an alternative allowed when necessary. And when the default is available, the alternative is unaccepted. Therefore, when the khalīfah is appointed, all other pledges of allegiance and leaderships outside of it become void. That is why al-Juwaynī said after his above statement, “If the obstacles are removed and the imām is able to supervise those people, the leader and his subjects must obey the imām and submit to him in peace. The imām should accept their excuses and govern their affairs. If he decides to approve the appointment of whom they had appointed, he can do so. And if he sees it best to change him, then his opinion is to be followed and they must return to his decision.” 
If this is understood and the difference between these realities becomes obvious, the answer to the question posed becomes clear through the just and precise description of the imāmah of Shaykh Abū Bakr al-Husaynī al-Baghdādī and the leadership of Mullā ‘Umar, since one cannot decide on a matter until the whole picture is understood. Accordingly, the declarations, statements, conducts, and nature of Mullā ‘Umar’s leadership shows without a doubt that it 
Never mind the fact that all these statements and declarations greatly contradict the shar’ī principles that command to fight the kuffār wherever they may be found, to show animosity towards all of them, and to not incline towards them using elusive statements or those whose words carry false meanings based upon modern day political concepts. And if the religion of an individual Muslim is not upright – even if he only worships Allah and abandons shirk – until he shows animosity towards the mushrikīn and proclaims his animosity and hatred towards them, how could it be permissible for a party with power and influence to become feeble in practicing this great rite at least in its political messages?!1 
On the other hand, the Islamic State (may Allah honor it) in its announcement of establishing a khilāfah and appointing a khalīfah for the 1 Editor’s Note: The reality is that these matters are more serious than Mullā ‘Umar’s lea- dership being territorial or non-Qurashī, but the noble brother answered the question in accordance with the manner it was posed to him and pointed out some matters of the “emirate” that had reached him. For further reading see “Fādihat ash-Shām wa Kasr al-As- nām” (“The Shāmī Exposure and the Crushing of Idols”) by Abū Maysarah ash-Shāmī. 
is a nationalist, territorial leadership not fulfilling the meaning of the general imāmah concerning rules, responsibilities, and liabilities. If Mullā ‘Umar says in one of his statements, “The Emirate of Afghanistan believes in establishing bilateral and positive relationships with the neighboring countries within the framework of mutual respect … We assure all the neighboring countries that just as the Emirate will not let anyone interfere in its affairs, it will not interfere in other’s affairs” [Congratulations on the Occasion of Eid al-Adhā 1430AH], then this is very clear in showing that the man is not striving to establish a general shar’ī khilāfah whose supervision affects the whole world and that attempts to rescue the Islamic world from its kāfir and apostate governments. Rather he intends through his movement to establish a nationalistic state within its boundaries. This becomes more clear in another statement where he spoke about the future of his land and said it would be “purely Islamic and Afghānī in nature” and said it would enjoy “a nationalistic shar’ī system … and preserve the union of the lands of the nation” [Congratulations on the Occasion of Eid al-Adhā 1433AH]. This all confirms that this state was created to govern Afghanistan only and that it takes into consideration the international standards by not getting involved in any disputes with neighboring countries. And this contradicts the purpose of the general imāmah, which attempts to unify the ranks of the Muslims all around the world and has concern for all their 
Muslims, its spreading of its influence to vast regions of the blessed land and the core of the Islamic world, its sending of leaders and wulāt (plural of wālī) to the other lands and regions, the pledging of allegiance of many groups to it, and its proclamation of animosity towards the world order and jihād against it wherever such is possible, and its controlling many of the important regions, all of this and other matters are from the clearest things showing the reality of this blessed Khilāfah and that it is in accordance with and following the purposes and approaches of the Sharī’ah regarding the general imāmāh. 
More importantly, the contract of bay’ah to Imām Ibrāhīm al-Badrī as-Sāmarrā’ī (Shaykh Abū Bakr al-Baghdādī – hafidhahullāh) was done as that for the khilāfah and referred to him as the Khalīfah of the Muslims, and this State calls all the people to give him bay’ah with this name and description. The clearness of this matter must be considered when judging its legitimacy, because the pledge for imāmah is from the greatest of all contracts, which stipulate knowledge of the contract, clarity regarding its reality, and the obviousness of its wording. If the contract of buying and selling is considered invalid according to many of the scholars, except with an offer, an acceptance, and knowledge of what is being agreed upon, how much more so in the case of khilāfah, considering that the bay’ah is similar in its rulings to that of trade agreements. Al-Qalqashandī said, “The meaning of bay’ah is a contract and promise and is very similar to trade in reality” [Subh al-A’shā]. Ibn al-Athīr said describing the reason it is called bay’ah, “It is as if they all traded their sincere obedience and deepest affairs for what the other side has offered” [An-Nihāyah]. And we know that Mullā Umar has not called his bay’ah that of khilāfah, nor did he act in accordance with its requisites, rather he made it clear through his statements that his leadership is not a khilāfah nor a general imāmah, but instead it works only within its borders as we showed above. Then how can one say Mullā ‘Umar is a khalīfah, when he didn’t appoint himself as such? 
Likewise, we will not forget to mention that even if Mullā ‘Umar were to call for a bay’ah to himself in the name of khilāfah, it would be void concerning the consensus of the scholars and based on the clear-cut shar’ī texts that being from the Quraysh is a condition for a legitimate khilāfah. This is due to the authentic ahādīth and the agreement of the Companions on the matter. And the oddness of those who strayed from this consensus such as the Khawārij, Mu’tazilah, people of bid’ah, and some of the later scholars, and supported the khilāfah of a non-Qurashī should not be considered. The Prophet  said, “This matter will remain amongst Quraysh, even if only two of them remained” [Al- Bukhārī and Muslim]. And the Prophet  said, “This matter will remain in Quraysh. No one will oppose them over it but Allah will drag him upon his face into Hell, as long as they uphold the religion” [Reported by al-Bukhārī]. The Prophet  also said, “The a’immah (plural of imām) are from Quraysh” [Reported by an-Nasā’ī]. 
The Prophet’s confining of imāmah to a Qurashī is evidence that it is not valid for a non-Qurashī. Otherwise, there is no benefit in mentioning it. Numerous scholars have reported the consensus on the Qurashī condition for imāmah. Al-Māwardī said, “The seventh condition is the lineage, that the imām be from Quraysh. This is due to clear texts and consensus. The opinion of Dirār who strayed and permitted it for all people cannot be considered, because on the day of as-Saqīfah when the Ansār had given bay’ah to Sa’d Ibn ‘Ubādah, Abu Bakr  responded to them with the statement of the Prophet  ‘The a’immah are from Quraysh.’ So they gave up holding on to the claim and turned back from the idea of making a shared leadership, as they had said before, ‘An amīr from us and an amīr from you.’ They submitted to his narration, accepted its truth, and were pleased with his statement, ‘We are the leaders and you are the ministers.’ The Prophet  
Ibn Hazm adh-Dhāhirī overemphasized this by saying that whoever permitted the imāmah for a non-Qurashī has denied the hadīth of the Prophet  and disbelieved in Allah. He said, “We narrated through Muslim from ‘Abdullāh Ibn ‘Umar that Allah’s Messenger  said ‘This matter will remain amongst Quraysh, even if only two of them remained,’ and through al-Bukhārī from Mu’āwiyah who said, ‘I heard Allah’s Messenger  say, ‘This matter will remain in Quraysh. No one will oppose them over it but Allah will drag him upon his face into Hell, as long as they uphold the religion.’’ I say: The narration of Ibn ‘Umar is more general than the narration of Mu’āwiyah. Both these narrations – although they are in the form of information – are authentic and certain. If one were to allow leadership to be in other than Quraysh, it would be denying the report of the Prophet . This is kufr in the case of one who allows such. So it is proved that whoever claims leadership and khilāfah from other than Quraysh, is not a khalīfah nor an imām nor a person of authority. Rather, he has no authority. He, whoever supports him, and whoever approves his authority become sinners and disobedient of Allah by transgressing His limits defined upon the blessed tongue of the Prophet ” [Al-Muhallā]. 
it, the early In general, this issue – the condition that the imām is from Quraysh – although some contemporary scholars downplayed scholars mentioned it as a matter of creed separating Ahlus- Sunnah from sects of the people of bid’ah, as as- Saffārīnī r mentioned in his poetic treatise “Ad- Durratul Madiyyah fi ‘Iqdil Firqatil Mardiyyah” (The Bright Pearl about the Creed of the Favored Sect) in the chapter on imāmah and the matters related to it: 
On the other hand, the lineage of Shaykh Abū Bakr al-Badri as-Sāmarrā’ī al-Baghdādī not only goes back to Quraysh, but also to the household of the Prophet Muhammad . This is famous, well known, and confirmed by the lineage specialists in Iraq and elsewhere. For example, the lineage specialist and author of the book “‘Ashā’ir al-‘Irāq” (The Clans of Iraq) said, “Albū Badrī Clan: Their leader [during the era of the author] was Ustādh Sa’īd al-Badrī. [He then mentions the lineage of Sa’īd to his grandfather Badrī and then said] Their lineage goes back to Imām Muhammād al- Jawād. They live inside Sāmarrā’” [‘Ashā’ir al-‘Irāq: Page 385]. Muhammad al-Jawād is from the very famous Husaynī members of Ahlul-Bayt. He is Muhammad al-Jawād Ibn ‘Alī ar-Ridā Ibn Mūsā al-Kādhim Ibn Ja’far as-Sādiq Ibn Muhammad al- Bāqir Ibn ‘Alī Zayn al-‘Ābidīn Ibn al-Husayn ash- Shahīd Ibn ‘Alī Ibn Abī Tālib. He died in 220AH. 
al-Husayni as-Sāmarrā’ī In summary, this discussion should help you understand the hadīth of the Prophet , “If bay’ah is given to two khulafā’, then kill the second of the two,” and the hadīth, “Fulfill the pledge to the earliest” [Sahīh Muslim]. And when applying them to the present condition asked about, there is no doubt that there is only but one khalīfah now and that is Shaykh Abū Bakr Ibrāhīm Ibn ‘Awwād al-Badrī al-Qurashī (hafidhahullāh). He is the Imām of the time who fulfilled the conditions and qualifications stipulated by the Sharī’ah, whereas Mullā ‘Umar was at most one day a former leader of one of the Islamic lands. And if we suppose Mullā ‘Umar is still alive and that the late deviant statements are not his, then it is obligatory upon him and those with him to obey the Khalīfah and accept his imāmah and submit to him, in accordance with the command of Allah and His Messenger  to unify the word and ranks and to gather upon the 
methodology of the Prophet , his Sahābah, and the Salaf of this Ummah in matters of īmān and Sunnah and rulings of imāmah and khilāfah. It is also obligatory upon everyone who gave bay’ah to Mullā ‘Umar and his emirate to know that this pledge has been overtaken by a more authorized and obligatory pledge, and that is the bay’ah to the Khalīfah of today. They should know that they will not be truly exempted from the blameworthy attribute mentioned in the hadīth of the Prophet , “Whoever dies without a pledge of allegiance, dies a death of jāhiliyyah” other than by fulfilling this responsibility, by pledging allegiance to the general Imām. All other pledges are feeble in comparison to it, deficient in their rulings and purposes. And Allah alone is to be relied upon. 
This claim is also not correct. It is a doubt repeated by those who don’t know the Sīrah of the Prophet  in sending his delegates out. They didn’t read about the khulafā’ of Islam and the early leaders and how they dealt with this matter. This becomes clear by saying that it is sufficient for news of the major bay’ah to reach other regions and groups. And it becomes especially obligatory upon every group that has power and influence, because of the agreed upon fiqhī principal, “Whatever is needed to fulfill an obligation itself becomes an obligation.” If gathering under one imām is not fulfilled except with the different other factions joining him, then entering the greater body becomes obligatory upon all those other factions. That is why when Abū Bakr as-Siddīq  was given bay’ah in the Saqīfah of Banū Sā’idah in al-Madīnah, that was sufficient to make bay’ah obligatory upon the rest of the Arabian Peninsula even though his power and might hadn’t reached them yet. 
Peninsula remained outside the reach of Abū Bakr as-Siddīq , this was not an excuse for them to abandon obedience to him and break their pledge to him. From these examples is the story of the town of Juwāthā. “There was no town firm on the truth [after al-Madīnah] other than this town, Makkah, and Tā’if. It was the first town to hold the Friday prayer after the apostasy as reported by al- Bukhārī from Ibn ‘Abbās. The apostates besieged them and confined them, even preventing food from reaching them. So they starved severely until Allah granted them salvation. A man from amongst them named ‘Abdullāh Ibn Hadhaf belonging to the tribe of Banū Bakr Ibn Kilāb said some poetry after suffering severe hunger:” 
And it also well known to the one who studies the books of Sīrah, history, and the laws of imāmah, that if someone is given the pledge of khilāfah in any of the lands and then sends his delegates to other regions and lands, then such is sufficient to make it obligatory upon the people of those lands to obey him and that his order is to be executed merely by the arrival of his delegates to them, even if he does not dispatch an army and soldiers with them to make the people abide by his order and force them to do so. This is certainly the case in Wilāyat Khurāsān by the presence of the Wālī whom Amīrul-Mu’minīn appointed and placed in charge there. 
And when Yazīd Ibn Mu’āwiyah died, Amīrul- Mu’minīn Ibn az-Zubayr  took charge of leading the people and was given bay’ah in Makkah. He sent his delegates to other regions. All other regions surrendered to him except Damascus. So whoever disobeyed him and opposed him thereby became outside of the jamā’ah and a rebel, as the scholars have confirmed. Ibn Qudāmah said, “‘Abdul-Malik Ibn Marwān rebelled against Ibn az-Zubayr and killed him and took over the land and its people” [Al-Mughnī]. 
Finally we invite the people of Khurāsān to hasten to obey the command of Allah and His Messenger , to unify the word, to join the ranks, and pledge allegiance to the Khalīfah of the Muslims, and to distance themselves from the deviant desires that turn them from this good and throw the doubts into the hearts and souls, and to not be supporters of our enemies from the crusaders and the apostates against us, by abandoning support of the Khilāfah that Allah’s Messenger  gave 
{When they said to a prophet of theirs, “Send to us a king, and we will fight for the cause of Allah.” He said, “Would you perhaps refrain from fighting if fighting was prescribed for you?” They said, “And why should we not fight for the cause of Allah when we have been driven out from our homes and from our children?” But when fighting was prescribed for them, they turned away, except for a few of them. And Allah is Knowing of the wrongdoers. And their prophet said to them, “Indeed, Allah has sent to you Tālūt as a king.” They said, “How can he have kingship over us while we are more worthy of kingship than him and he has not been given any measure of wealth?” He said, “Indeed, Allah has chosen him over you and has increased him abundantly in knowledge and stature. And Allah gives His sovereignty to whom He wills. And Allah is all-Encompassing in favor and Knowing”} [Al-Baqarah: 246-247]. 
1) The Sariyyah of Sāhil al-Bahr: This occurred in the Ramadān of the first year after the Hijrah. It was the first expedition dispatched in Islam. The Prophet  appointed Hamzah  as its leader and sent him with 30 men from the Muhājirīn. They went out to face a trade caravan belonging to Quraysh that had come from Shām. They reached Sīf Al-Bahr, an area on the coast of the Red Sea, facing the kuffar and preparing rows for battle. Majdī Ibn ‘Amr al-Juhanī who was an ally of both sides, came between the two sides and as a result they did not fight. 
2) The Sariyyah of ‘Umayr Ibn ‘Adī al-Khitmī: This occurred in the Ramadān of the second year after the Hijrah. The Prophet  dispatched this expedition to kill ‘Asmā’ Bint Marwān, a woman who used to insult Islam and incite against the Prophet . ‘Umayr Ibn ‘Adīy al-Khitmī came to her house at night and placed his sword on her chest, applying pressure until he had carried it through to her back. 
3) The Sariyyah of Zayd Ibn Hārithah: In the Ramadān of the sixth year after the Hijrah, the Prophet  dispatched an expedition for Banū Fazārah in a region of al-Qurā Valley. The reason was that men from Banū Fazārah had intercepted a trade caravan belonging to the Muslims and looted it. Zayd Ibn Hārithah left for them while heading a troop of the Prophet’s companions. They reached them in the morning and surrounded them and took Umm Qirfah Fātimah Bint Rabī’ah al-Fazāriyyah. She was an old woman venerated and obeyed by her people. She had prepared 40 cavaliers from her sons and her son’s sons to kill the Prophet . The noble companion Zayd Ibn Hārithah killed them all including Umm Qirfah. 
4) The Sariyyah of ‘Abdullāh Ibn ‘Atīk: This occurred in the Ramadān of the sixth year after the Hijrah. The tribes of al-‘Aws and Khazraj used to compete in their defense of the Prophet . So when the ‘Aws killed Ka’b Ibn al-Ashraf, who used to cause the Prophet  harm, the Khazraj searched for someone who was similar to him in opposition to the Messenger of Allah  . They found their target in Abū Rāfi’ Salām Ibn Abī Haqīq an-Nadrī. He was the one who gathered the parties on the day of the Khandaq (Trench) and prepared the Ghatafān tribe to fight the Messenger of Allah . He would also disparage Allah’s Messenger  in the various gatherings. The Khazraj from the Sahābah sought permission from the Prophet  to kill Abū Rāfi’. He gave them permission so they sent five of their members with ‘Abdullah Ibn ‘Atīk leading them. The sariyyah raided the house of Abū Rāfi’, killed him, and returned. 
5) The Sariyyah of Ghālib al-Laythī: In the Ramadān of the seventh year after the Hijrah, the Prophet  sent this detachment to Banū ‘Uwāl and to Banū ‘Abd Ibn Tha’labah, two tribes from the Bedouins of Najd. The men of the two tribes used to conduct raids on the outskirts of al-Madīnah whilst the Muslims were pre-occupied with their battles against Quraysh and the Jews. Under the leadership of Ghālib al-Laythī, 130 fighters from the Muslims marched towards them. They attacked them at the time of Fajr and killed everyone who stood against them. The remaining fled. They seized livestock and sheep from them which they took back to al- Madīnah. 
6) The Sariyyah of Abū Qatādah as-Salamī: This occurred in the Ramadān of the eighth year after the Hijrah. This was at the time that the Prophet  contemplated attacking Makkah. He sent Abū Qatādah as-Salamī with 8 others to Batn Idam (a valley north of Makkah). This was in order to trick Quraysh with regards to the true goal of the Muslims, and make them think that the Muslims were targeting that area and not Makkah. The sariyyah reached the target without facing anything and so departed, joining up with the Muslim army. 
occurred in the Ramadān of the eighth year after the Hijrah. The Prophet  had destroyed all of the idols that had been in the Ka’bah at the time of the Conquest of Makkah. He sent military expeditions to destroy the idols in the neighboring areas and sent Khālid Ibn al-Walīd with 30 cavaliers to the idol of al-‘Uzzā in Nakhlah (a valley between Makkah and Tā’if). They reached it and destroyed it. 
9) The Sariyyah of Sa’d Ibn Zayd al-Ashhalī: Similarly to preceding examples and also in the Ramadān of the eighth year after the Hijrah, the Prophet  sent Sa’d Ibn Zayd with 20 cavaliers to the idol of Manāt in an area known as al-Mushallal (on the coast of the Red Sea). When they reached it, a dark, naked woman came out with her hair disheveled, shouting of woe and calamity whilst slapping her chest. Sa’d killed her and destroyed the idol. 
10) The Sariyyah of ‘Alī Ibn ‘Abī Tālib: In the Ramadān of the tenth year after the Hijrah, the Prophet  sent ‘Alī to Yemen and arranged a battalion for him. He wrapped ‘Alī’s turban for him with his own hand. ‘Alī departed with 300 riders. When they arrived, he sent his soldiers who returned with spoils of war seized from the kuffār (money, women, children and livestock). He then met their army and called them to Islam. They refused and fired arrows and threw stones at the Muslims. In response, ‘Alī lined up his companions and fought them. He killed 20 of their men. The rest split up and escaped. ‘Alī did not pursue them and called them once again to Islam and they responded. 
1) The Battle of Badr: It occurred in the Ramadān of the second year after the Hijrah. Allah  described it as {the day of criterion – the day when the two armies met} [Al-Anfāl: 41] and described His giving victory to the Muslims through this battle and His honoring of them after their humiliation, {And already had Allah given you victory at [the battle of] Badr while you were few in number} [Āl ‘Imrān: 123]. 
In the Battle of Badr, the Muslims, under the leadership of the Messenger of Allah  departed to intercept a convoy belonging to Quraysh that was led by Abū Sufyān. But Abū Sufyān changed his path to the coast and called upon the people of Makkah to aid him. They departed to fight the Muslims, being led by Abū Jahl. The two armies met in Badr (a well between Makkah and al- Madīnah) and Allah supported the Muslims who were 317 fighters against the mushrikīn who were more than one thousand. 14 Companions were martyred in the battle (6 from the Ansār and 8 from the Muhājirīn). 70 from the mushrikīn were killed and 70 were taken prisoner. 
2) The Conquest of Makkah: In the Ramadān of the eighth year after the Hijrah, the Prophet  moved to conquer Makkah with ten thousand warriors after Quraysh broke their covenant. Allah  granted them victory in Makkah after an easy battle in which 12 mushrikīn were killed and 3 Companions were martyred. Ibnul-Qayyim described the Conquest of Makkah saying, “It was the greatest conquest. By it, Allah honored His religion, His Messenger, His soldiers and his trustworthy party. Through it, He retrieved His land and His house – that He made as a guidance for the people – from the hands of the kuffār and the mushrikīn. It is the conquest over which the inhabitants of the Heavens rejoiced. The loftiness of its honor reached the heights of the stars. The people entered into the religion of Allah 
day in this blessed month to face the legions of kufr gathered to wage war against Allah’s religion, do not allow another Ramadān after this one to pass you by except that you have marched forth to fight for Allah’s cause. And O you who continues residing in the lands of kufr under the authority of the crusaders and the tawāghīt, in the shade of their manmade laws, hearing them revile Allah’s Sharī’ah day and night in their media and describe it as backwards, oppressive, and barbaric, do not allow another Ramadān after this one to pass you by except that you have made hijrah from the lands of kufr to the lands of the Islamic State! 
When American warplanes began bombing the region of ‘Ayn al-Islām last year in support of their YPG proxies – the Syrian branch of the PKK1 – in an attempt to halt the Islamic State’s advance, PKK supporters enthusiastically welcomed America’s intervention in the region. Their excitement at being backed by the firepower of America’s air force did not even subside when that same air force decimated ‘Ayn al-Islām, turning the Kurdish city into a heap of rubble and debris. The crusaders’ desperate need for a competent proxy force on the ground meant that they were prepared to spend hundreds of millions of dollars, if not more, on providing close air cover for an organization that they still consider a terrorist entity. For the PKK, it was a reason to celebrate. They suddenly had their own air force, it was clear the crusaders needed them, and as far as they were concerned, nothing could ruin the moment. It was the birth of American Kurdistan. 
Stretching from eastern Turkey, through northern Syria and Iraq, all the way to northwestern Iran, the region commonly referred to as Kurdistan is comprised of a majority Kurdish population. Despite the legacy of the Muslim Kurds producing 1 The Kurdistan Workers’ Party in Turkey – including their Syrian branch, the PYD (Kur- dish Democratic Union Party) along with its YPG (People’s Protection Units) militia – led by the tāghūt Abdullah Ocalan. It is considered a terrorist organization by the US, NATO, the UK, and the European Union. 
Driven by their opportunism, not to mention their fear of Allah’s Sharī’ah one day ruling Kurdistan, these groups have allied with the crusaders in their war against the Islamic State, hoping to bolster their own image on the international political scene, and secure American and international support for their political goals in exchange for their largely inept role on the frontlines against the mujāhidīn. For their part, the crusaders believe that the PKK represents a key part of their strategy in Shām, saving them the embarrassment of having to rely exclusively on the Free Syrian Army (FSA). In Shām, the PKK is depicted as a force capable of taking on the mujāhidīn and winning. The reality, however, is that the PKK are just as, if not more incompetent than the FSA. They lost hundreds of villages and conceded a large stretch of territory in the ‘Ayn al-Islām countryside in Wilāyat Halab and Wilāyat ar-Raqqah in a matter of days, with the soldiers of the Khilāfah eventually entering and fighting their way through ‘Ayn al-Islām, and even capturing the bulk of the city. 2 The Kurdistan Democratic Party, based in Irbil and led by the murtadd Masoud Barzani 3 The Patriotic Union of Kurdistan, based in Sulaymāniyyah and led by the murtadd Jalal Talabani. It is the main rival to Masoud Barzani’s KDP. 
The next few months would see the crusaders focusing three quarters of the airstrikes in Iraq and Shām on the city of ‘Ayn al-Islām alone in an attempt to dislodge the mujāhidīn – all this in support of the “fearsome” PKK fighters. Despite the obvious incompetence of the PKK in facing the Islamic State, the crusader coalition continued to provide them with close air cover in their clashes against the mujāhidīn. The PKK would claim that they were advancing against the Islamic State, when the reality was that they and their FSA allies would simply move into any given area after the crusaders had already bombed the Islamic State positions there, leaving the area up for grabs. The PKK and their allies weren’t fighting for territory, they were simply hiding and waiting it out, letting the crusaders do the work and then walking in and reaping the “fruits” when it was all over. These cowardly tactics are the reason that they and their FSA allies – Jamāl Ma’rūf4, Abū ‘Īsā ar-Raqqah5, and ‘Abdul-Jabbār al-‘Akīdī6 – were recently able to advance on the towns of Sulūk and Tall Abyad in Wilāyat ar-Raqqah.7 4 An FSA leader and former ally of the Jawlānī front. 5 The former leader of the Jawlānī front in ar-Raqqah up until three months into the Sah- wah. He was disowned by the Jawlānī front because they were supposedly no longer able to make contact with him – not because of his kufr – and yet everyday they claim to make contact with Dhawāhirī’s al-Qā’idah all the way in Khurāsān! 6 A former leader in the so-called “Liwā’ at-Tawhid.” 7 PKK advances have been coupled with ethnic cleansing carried out against Arabs and Turkmen for the sake of establishing a purely Kurdish “American Kurdistan.” The secula- rist Kurds’ hatred of Arabs in particular leads them to hate Islam by extension and even sympathize with the Jews and their Jewish state! Despite this fact, the statement released by the Sahwāt condemning the PKK does not make takfir of them, nor does it denounce 
Yet being the incompetent proxies that they are, the PKK – shortly afterwards – found themselves flanked by Islamic State soldiers who infiltrated their territory and entered ‘Ayn al- Islām once more, with further gains being made by the mujāhidīn thereafter in the southern and western countryside. This is in addition to the Khilāfah’s offensive in Wilāyat al-Barakah where the mujāhidīn advanced on the city of al-Barakah 
from two points, crushing Nusayrī forces and closing in on PKK territory in the city. Thus, the Islamic State forced the PKK into a defensive posture by assaulting them in several regions across the territory stretching from Wilāyat al- Barakah, through Wilāyat ar-Raqqah, all the way to Wilāyat Halab, significantly increasing the number of military fronts that the PKK have to deal with. PKK forces had already committed “military suicide” by stretching themselves thin over vast extents of territory and attempting to cover so many frontlines while relying solely on crusader airstrikes. And with no effective local recruitment taking place in the areas that they capture – this is even the case in regions with large Kurdish populations, as the PKK are hated by the Muslim Kurds they oppress – the PKK have little hope in holding onto the gains that they’ve made, let alone making further advances against the Islamic State. The PKK even had to rely for recruitment upon Western foreign fighters, many of whom would come only to flee after tasting a few days of the hardships of war. 
Complicating things further for the PKK is the political situation in Turkey. The rise of Selahattin Demirtas, the murtadd leader of the Kurdish political party in Turkey known as the People’s Democracy Party, may appear to some as the beginning of the end for the Turkish tāghūt Erdogan. Demirtas managed to secure 13% of the votes in the kufrī elections of Turkey, depriving the tāghūt Erdogan of a majority and forcing Erdogan into a position where his political party must now form a coalition with another Turkish party in order to maintain political leverage and have a chance at securing greater political powers. This, however, can play against Demirtas and the PKK as Erdogan can’t possibly ally with the more hardcore secularists of the Republican People’s Party – the very party once led by the tāghūt Mustafa Kemal Ataturk. The more likely option for Erdogan is to ally with the Nationalist Movement Party, a far-right political entity that rejects any notion of peace with the PKK and will demand that Erdogan abandons the peace process with the PKK in exchange for their allegiance. 
The situation for the Kurdish murtaddīn in Iraq – the rivals of the PKK – isn’t much better. In Iraq, the Peshmerga militia – the armed forces of the 8 It is not surprising to see Erdogan’s party being threatened by the rise of a PKK-linked political leader, despite Erdogan’s efforts to make peace with the PKK. One should also not be surprised to see the tāghūt Erdogan later betrayed and ousted by the PKK, the very people he sought to make peace with. 
KDP and PUK – are portrayed by the crusader media as a fierce ground force that can fend off the Islamic State, saving the crusader forces the embarrassment of having to rely exclusively on the Iraqi army. Yet, they continue to take a beating at the hands of the mujāhidīn. Day after day the soldiers of the Khilāfah strike Peshmerga positions in various regions of Iraq with mortar rounds and heavy artillery, and target their vehicles with roadside bombs. Add to this that the KDP and PUK have a history of violence, mistrust, and animosity between them, largely due to their divergent political stances. 
Masoud Barzani’s KDP was initially founded by his father, Mustafa Barzani, and enjoyed the backing of the Kurdish tribes, while the rival PUK founded by Jalal Talabani after splitting from the KDP carried more influence among Kurdish “intellectuals.” The two factions have historically been at each other’s throats, with their hostility culminating in a military conflict in the mid-90s. Following an American-brokered peace treaty in 1998, the two sides shared their rule of Iraqi Kurdistan, with the KDP governing the northwestern half of the region, and the PUK governing the southeastern half. 
the PUK in 1975, senior figures in the PUK broke off to form a new party in 2009 called the Movement for Change, and these are just three of the various Kurdish political entities in Iraq, never mind the ones in Turkey, Syria, and Iran. These divisions amongst the Iraqi Kurdistan murtaddīn, their deep-seated contempt towards one another, their history of infighting, and their greed and corruption all underscore their inability to effectively wage war against the Khilāfah. Even with American air cover, their Peshmerga forces continue struggling to advance beyond the territories they moved into following the collapse and retreat of the Iraqi army last year. It comes as no wonder, then, that the British Ministry of Defense recently announced that they would be sending £600,000 worth of bandages and medical equipment to the Peshmerga. There’s no end in sight for their splitting and fracturing in the political arena, and their bleeding and hemorrhaging on the battlefield. 
sake of temporary political gain, in contrast with the mujāhidīn of the Khilāfah who would readily cut off the heads of the murtaddīn from their own people in defense of Allah’s Sharī’ah. An excellent example of this is the Kurdish mujāhidīn of the Islamic State who continue to execute PKK and Peshmerga fighters as they warn their people not to stand in the trench of secular nationalism, and call on them to join the ranks of those fighting to establish the rule of Allah. 
the mujāhidīn of the Khilāfah. They proposed creating a “Sunni” force that would comprise the core of a “Sunni” National Guard that would be placed under the authority of the Iraqi provincial governors. The proposal was met with criticism from the Rāfidah and the Kurdish factions, but has since moved forward, with the remnants of a number of “jihadi” factions9 as well as the pro- democracy murtaddīn jumping on board and supporting the crusader initiative. 
Shaykh Abū Muhammad al-‘Adnānī highlighted their tough stance against the murtaddīn from amongst their people stating, “Finally, we do not want to forget to direct a message towards our Muslim people and brothers from the Kurds in Iraq, Shām, and elsewhere. Our war with the Kurds is a religious war. It is not a nationalistic war – we seek the refuge of Allah. We do not fight Kurds because they are Kurds. Rather we fight the kuffār amongst them, the allies of the crusaders and Jews in their war against the Muslims. As for the Muslim Kurds, then they are our people and brothers wherever they may be. We spill our blood to save their blood. The Muslim Kurds in the ranks of the Islamic State are many. They are the toughest of fighters against the kuffār amongst their people” [Indeed Your Lord Is Ever Watchful]. 
With weak and largely overhyped Kurdish fronts in both Shām and Iraq, the crusaders have few options left on the table. Their PKK allies are not only incompetent, but are Machiavellian in nature. They supported Bashar throughout the beginning years of the revolt in Shām as Kurdish shabbīhah militias working to crush any attempt to rise against him. They then formed alliances and signed truces with FSA and “Islamist” murtaddīn, only to later resume cooperating with the Nusayriyyah. 
The formation of a new proxy at this stage of the game is not surprising. The crusaders lost hope in their Safawī proxies and began distancing themselves from their incompetence, with the American secretary of defense, Ashton Carter, recently blaming a lack of will to fight on the part of the Safawiyyīn for their defeat and disgraceful retreat from ar-Ramādī. When they were last caught by surprise due to the incompetence of their Safawī proxies, Mosul was liberated. It was then that they began placing their hope in the Kurdish murtaddīn instead. Now that they’re seeing the ineffectiveness of their Kurdish proxies in taking territory on their own from the Islamic State, the crusaders have begun betting on a new “Sunnī” Sahwah. The fall of American Kurdistan is therefore inevitable, and the crusaders will soon have no choice but to either pursue a truce or place their own boots on the ground. The result, either way, will see the crusader coalition – in America’s words – degraded and ultimately defeated, bi idhnillāh. 9 These factions initially fought the crusaders following their invasion of Iraq in “2003,” but then abandoned their jihad and turned their guns on the Islamic State instead. All of these factions were wiped out, by Allah’s grace, and nothing remains of them today save for a handful of their members. It is these murtadd remnants who are now walking hand-in- hand with the crusaders and waging war against Allah’s Sharī’ah. 
Earlier this year, the ranks of the Khilāfah were bolstered by our brothers from al-Qawqāz (the Caucasus) as numerous mujāhidīn in the region declared their bay’ah to Amīrul-Mu’minīn.1 More and more Qawqāzī mujāhidīn have since joined the ranks of the Khilāfah in the region, and – following consultation and coordination with the Khilāfah’s leadership – the Khilāfah has now officially declared the region as a new wilāyah. 
accepted your bay’ah and has appointed the noble Shaykh Abū Muhammad al-Qadarī as Wālī over al-Qawqāz and advised him to have taqwā of Allah both in his private and public affairs as well as with kindness and softness towards those with him. We advise all the mujāhidīn in al-Qawqāz to join his caravan and to hear and obey him in everything except sin. And we ask Allah  to keep you firm, support you, and grant you victory.” 
The declaration of Wilāyat al-Qawqāz came in a statement released by Shaykh Abū Muhammad al-‘Adnānī at the beginning of Ramadān, thereby delivering glad tidings to the Muslims at the start of the blessed month. In his statement, titled “O Our People, Respond to the Caller of Allah,” Shaykh Abū Muhammad al-‘Adnānī (hafidhahullāh) stated, “And we congratulate the soldiers of the Islamic State in al-Qawqāz on the announcement of the wilāyah. We congratulate them on their bay’ah and their joining of the ranks of the Khilāfah. Amīrul-Mu’minīn has 
Therefore, in obedience to the command of Allah , and in obedience to His Messenger , ordering to stick to the jamā’ah and not to divide, we declare our bay’ah to the Khalīfah Ibrāhīm Ibn ‘Awwād Ibn Ibrāhīm al-Qurashī al-Husaynī, pledging to selflessly hear and obey, in times of hardship and ease, and in times of delight and dislike. We pledge not to dispute the matter of those in authority except if we see obvious kufr concerning which we have proof from Allah. 
Allah  said, {Allah has promised those who have believed among you and done righteous deeds that He will surely grant them succession to authority upon the earth just as He granted it to those before them and that He will surely establish for them their religion which He has preferred for them and that He will surely substitute for them, after their fear, security, for they worship Me, not associating anything with Me. But whoever disbelieves after that – then those are the defiantly disobedient} [An-Nūr: 55]. 
Ibn ‘Abbās  said, “Love for the sake of Allah, hate for the sake of Allah, make allegiance for the sake of Allah, and make enemies for the sake of Allah, for the wilāyah (loving guardianship) of Allah is not attained except by this. One will not find the taste of īmān even if his prayer and fasting is great until he is like this. The brotherhood of people today has become for the sake of worldly matters and this is something that will not avail its people at all on the Day of Resurrection.” He then recited, {Close friends, that Day, will be ene- mies to each other, except for the righteous} [Az-Zu- khruf: 67]. He also recited, {You will not find a people who believe in Allah and the Last Day having affecti- on for those who oppose Allah and His Messenger} [Al-Mujādilah: 22] [Reported by Ibn al-Mubārak in “Az-Zuhd” and by al-Lālikā’ī]. 
the them He arrived in northern Afghanistan where he fought with its knights, taught religion, and judged between them in accordance with what Allah had taught him. He lived amongst them as a beloved person, whose word was respected, and remained working as a judge there for four years. When the spark of tawhīd was lit in Iraq and Shām, he and a group of muhājir brothers rushed to support the Islamic State, visiting al-Qā’idah’s leadership on the way. 
After joining the Islamic State and giving bay’ah to Amīrul-Mu’minīn Ibrāhīm Ibn ‘Awwād al-Qurashī al- Baghdādī (hafidhahullāh) he took part in an expedition in Wilāyat Halab where he was injured. He then recovered and started working in the Office for Research and Studies and later on became the head of the Sharī’ah Committee belonging to the General Supervising Committee. He kept requesting permission to participate in battles, a request which he was eventually granted. Thus he participated in the battle for the city of as-Sukhnah, where he advanced together with his brothers and was eventually hit and killed by enemy shrapnel. 
He used to work day and night to serve the Islamic State, he defended the religion, established gatherings of knowledge, judged between the people with Allah’s law and settled disputes. He would not abandon qiyāmul-layl and was an example of good conduct. People’s hearts were inclined towards him. Our knight departed and the hearts of the enemy boil with envy and spite while our hearts happily say, “See you – inshā’allāh – in the gardens of eternity with the Leader of mankind, the Prophets, and the blessed Companions, inshā’allah.” 
On the 29th of Sha’bān in the year 1436AH, after a crusader airstrike, a warrior from the warriors of the Khilāfah travelled from this fading Dunyā to that which is everlasting. The brother Tāriq Ibn at-Tāhir al- Harzī – otherwise known as Abū ‘Umar at-Tunusī – was killed in Wilāyat al-Barakah, completing a life of jihād and many years of service working to help build the Islamic State and reestablish the Khilāfah. He had, throughout his jihād in both Irāq and Shām, a number of different titles and held a number of different positions. 
A veteran of many years in the Islamic State, the brother first made hijrah to Iraq in 2003. He became acquainted with some of the legends of the Iraqi jihād such as Abū Mus’ab az-Zarqāwī and Abū Hamzah al-Muhājir (may Allah accept them both). The former, as the jihād progressed, made a request for the brother to come to al- Fallūjah. It was a call to which Abū ‘Umar responded, living great days in the city that stood defiantly in the 
face of the American transgression on the lands of the Muslims. Time passed, many kuffār were sent to Jahannam, and the brother was hit by a crusader airstrike in which all those who were with him were killed. This time Allah  saved him and he emerged relatively unharmed. He was later hit by a second airstrike, resulting in his leg being severed (he later became well known for this physical attribute). 
The brother was imprisoned twice in Iraq, the first time escaping with a fake document under the pretense that he was Iraqi and not a muhājir. The Americans were enraged upon discovering the true identity of the man who had slipped through their inept fingers. The second time was in 2008 after he was sentenced to 15 years. He and a group of his mujāhid brothers escaped during an operation by the Islamic State to liberate the Tājī prison. He was subsequently sent to land of Shām and was made responsible for receiving the istishhādiyyīn and appointed the 
Abū ‘Umar was known for practicing zuhd with respect to his clothes and his food, earning the love and respect of many after reaching the blessed land of Shām. After relocating, he settled in Wilāyat al-Barakah, eventually being appointed as the amīr of the wilāyah’s artillery. This beloved brother and veteran was killed 24 hours after his brother Abuz-Zubayr ‘Alī al-Harzī was killed in Mosul. The two brothers, both avid boxers, together terrorized the kuffār, leaving this world in the same way as each other. 
Following the war in Shām that exposed the hypocrites, the matter reached a point where there were only two camps with no third remaining – a camp of īmān with no kufr therein, and a camp of kufr with no īmān therein – and the ranks were sifted, differentiating between a mujāhid for the cause of Allah – and these, by Allah’s permission, belong to at-Tā’ifah al-Mansūrah (the Victorious Group), which will not be harmed by those who oppose it nor by those who desert it – and between a “mujāhid” for the cause of many different concepts: the civil state, patriotism, nationalism, secularism, democracy, socialism, etc. They are all kufrī goals for which Allah has not sent down any authority, and that will bring their followers nothing more than disgrace in the dunyā and a 
And it is known to every impartial person with vision that those who fight as proxies on behalf of the dog of the White House and his puppets as well as those who ally with the proxy factions against the Islamic State while falsely claiming that they are fighting for the cause of Allah and His Sharī’ah yet you don’t find them implementing this Sharī’ah in any span of territory over which Allah has given them control, and their only concern is to please “the people” even at the expense of angering Allah, as is the case with the Jawlānī front – it is known that all such groups are Sahwāt (may Allah destroy them). They have gathered all the scum and filth upon one matter, and that is to fight the Islamic State – may Allah support it. They are right in holding enmity towards it, for it is the Islamic State whose ‘aqīdah is pure, and whose manhaj is upright, and whose goals are clear, and whose soldiers have placed their trust in Allah and shown resolve after swearing that war will not lay down its burdens until Islam rules every land and region, and until the Muslims are honored and leadership returns to them. 
From amongst the most beautiful stories found in the books of history is the story of Zaynab, the daughter of the Prophet , and her husband Abul-‘Ās Ibn ar-Rabī’, who were united by love and marriage, and split apart by kufr and shirk. Abul- ‘Ās married Zaynab, who was the daughter of his maternal aunt Khadījah . When the revelation descended upon the Prophet , Khadījah and her daughters believed in him and followed his religion, and this included Zaynab. Her husband Abul-‘Ās, however, rejected Islam and remained upon his shirk. At that time, Islam had divided between every married couple where one of them followed other than Islam. Abul-‘Ās, however, held his wife with him in Makkah. Then, Allah  willed that he would fall prisoner to the Muslims in the battle of Badr. The people of Makkah sent ransoms to the Prophet . Here, the Mother of the Believers ‘Ā’ishah Bint as-Siddīq  will continue the story for us. She said, “When the people of Makkah sent ransoms for their imprisoned relatives, Zaynab the daughter of Allah’s Messenger  sent some wealth as a ransom for Abul-‘Ās Ibn ar-Rabī’. She sent a necklace which Khadījah had her wear when she sent her to Abul-‘Ās to move in with him after marriage.” ‘Ā’ishah said, “When Allah’s Messenger  saw it, he felt much pity for her. He said, ‘If 
And it’s reported that the Prophet  stipulated on him that he return Zaynab when he reaches Makkah because she was no longer lawful for him as long as he remained a mushrik. Abul-‘Ās did so, and Zaynab  left for al-Madīnah, the land of Islam. Zaynab left Makkah out of love for Allah and in submission to His command, and did not put her husband and his companionship above the decree of Allah and His Messenger , because {it is not for a believing man or a believing woman, when Allah and His Messenger have decided a matter, that they should have any choice about their affair. And whoever disobeys Allah and His Messenger has certainly strayed into clear error} [Al-Ahzāb: 36]. 
Then there’s Umm Sulaym Bint Milhān likewise refusing to marry a kāfir and stipulating that he embraces Islam as her mahr (dowry). It was reported on the authority of Anas  who said, “Abū Talhah proposed to Umm Sulaym, so she said, ‘By Allah, one such as yourself cannot be rejected, O Abū Talhah, but you are a kāfir man and I am a Muslim woman, and it is not permissible for me to marry you. So if you embrace Islam, then that will be my mahr, and I will not ask from you other than that.’ So he embraced Islam and that was her mahr” [Reported by an-Nasā’ī and Ibn Hibbān]. 
From amongst the wives of the Sahwah soldiers is she who doesn’t care about the condition of her husband’s ‘aqīdah and īmān. It doesn’t matter to her if he goes to sleep as a Muslim and wakes up a kāfir. She sees him swimming in the oceans of apostasy and she doesn’t care. And from amongst them is she who knows of his kufr, but remains with him out of fear of his violence. And from amongst them is she who agrees with everything he does. Rather, she may even support and strengthen him. 
Concerning the first, I say, know O female slave of Allah that although every accountable slave will alone be held responsible on the Day of Judgment for his deeds – as Allah says, {And all of them are coming to Him on the Day of Judgment alone} [Maryam: 95] – it is not permissible for you in any case to remain under the same roof with someone who has removed the noose of Islam from his neck, and the marriage contract between you and him was nullified the moment when he apostatized from the religion of Islam. So he becomes unlawful for you at that moment and will no longer be lawful for you, and he is not permitted to have 
You might say that there are many factors that prevent you from separating from him, the first being the children – that he will take them from you and will prevent you from seeing them, and you have no power in that regard! And you might use the argument of financial maintenance, for he is the one who spends on you and you may not have a family – or perhaps they too follow the banner of the Sahwāt, and you are caught between the hammer of your husband and the anvil of your family, so how can you be saved? I say, even though I understand your emotions, your sense of motherhood, and your fear of breaking up your family, and even though I understand your fear of poverty, I do not find any excuse for you before Allah , who says, {Say, “If your fathers, your sons, your brothers, your wives, your relatives, wealth which you have obtained, commerce wherein you fear decline, and dwellings with which you are pleased are more beloved to you than Allah and His Messenger”} [At-Tawbah: 24]. If someone is in this condition, what is their recompense? The Knowing and Acquainted answers you, {“Then wait until Allah executes His command. And Allah 
So none of your arguments will absolve you of being questioned before Allah . If, however, you fear your Lord and His anger, and abandon this apostate husband in obedience to Him, then He  will replace him with something better and will provide for you from where you do not expect. And He will return your children to you if there is good in them, just as He returned Mūsā  to his mother, even if after some time. If, on the other hand, you make light of the issue of remaining with your kāfir husband who is an enemy of Allah and His Messenger and has sold his Hereafter for someone else’s dunyā, and who fights the muwahiddīn and seeks to spread corruption in the land, then know that nothing will save you from Allah’s punishment. 
It was reported on the authority of Ubayy Ibn Ka’b who said, “No slave leaves off something and does so for the sake of Allah, except that Allah brings him that which is better than it from where he does not expect. And no slave makes light of something or attains it in a manner that is not correct, except that Allah brings him that which is worse than it from where he does not expect” [Hilyatul-Awliyā’]. 
Likewise is the condition of she who remains with her Sahwah husband with the argument that she’s afraid of him and fears his violence, while being aware that he is upon other than the guidance of Allah . One of the noble muhājirāt who was imprisoned during the days of the Sahwah’s treachery towards the Islamic State in Halab speaks to us saying, “I and my husband were stopped at a checkpoint belonging to the Jawlānī front. They then handed us over to the minions of the so-called ‘Liwā’ at-Tawhid,’ and tawhid has nothing to do with them. They took my husband somewhere I didn’t know, and threw me into one of the houses they were using as a prison for their enemies. Every day, one of the women would come to us with lunch. At first, she wouldn’t speak to me at all, and I noticed that she appeared frightened and confused, so much so that she would place the food down for me and quickly leave. The days went by 
“One day, she asked me, ‘Why are they fighting you people specifically?’ So I took advantage of the opportunity and clarified to her the reason for their deep animosity and hatred towards us, and that we desire Allah and the rule of His Sharī’ah in this land and for that reason we were taken as enemies and were fought. I found that she was listening, and she then said, ‘I know that my husband is wrong, and I feel that Allah is not pleased with his actions. I even want to help you escape, but I’m afraid that he’ll kill me. He’s a criminal!’” 
Yes, she was afraid of him for herself because she knew he was a criminal! She knew that he was upon falsehood, but fear prevented her from saving herself in the dunyā and the Hereafter! What kind of fear is this that might make you lose your Hereafter, even as Allah  says, {Do you fear them? But Allah has more right that you should fear Him, if you are believers} [At-Tawbah: 13]? What kind of fear is this that makes you remain with a man that has enmity towards the allies of ar-Rahmān, even as Allah  says as per the qudsī hadīth, “Whoever shows enmity towards an ally of mine, I have declared war against him” [Reported by al-Bukhārī]? 
remaining under the same roof with a man who is not lawful for you, and whom you are not lawful for? Rather, you even give birth to his children! You give birth to the children of an apostate man who is a stranger for you! By Allah, it is obligatory for a woman to feel that the destruction of the entire world is easier on her than to remain in the guardianship of a man who is an enemy of Allah, His Messenger, and the believers. 
And how often I wonder to myself, is there not amongst the wives of these tawāghīt and their soldiers a single woman of reason? Is there not amongst them a single Āsiyah?! Yes, Āsiyah Bint Muzāhim, the wife of Fir’awn. The same Āsiyah about whom Qur’an was revealed commending her and will continue being recited until the day Allah inherits the earth and all those upon it. {And Allah presents an example of those who believed: the wife of Fir’awn, when she said, “My Lord, build for me near You a house in Paradise and save me from Fir’awn and his deed and save me from the wrongdoing people”} [At-Tahrīm: 11]. And she is the same one who the Prophet  mentioned, saying, “Many have attained completion from amongst the men, but none from amongst the women have attained completion except for Maryam Bint ‘Imrān and Āsiyah the wife of Fir’awn. And indeed, the virtue of ‘Ā’ishah over all women is like the virtue of tharīd1 over all other food” [Reported by al-Bukhārī and Muslim]. 
She is the one for whom the dunyā lay thrust before her, but her believing soul disliked and refused it, because she yearned for that which was better and more lasting, in Paradise, whose width is equivalent to the width of the heavens and the earth, prepared for the pious! She sought neither authority nor honor in the dunyā, nor did she seek that which her husband possessed of palaces and treasures. She said, {“My Lord, build for me near You a house in Paradise”} [At-Tahrīm: 11]. So she attained that which she desired as al-Baghawī r states in his tafsīr, “The mufassirīn said, ‘When Mūsā defeated the sorcerers, the wife of Fir’awn believed in him, and when Fir’awn learned of her Islam, he tied 
her hands and feet to four posts and left her out in the sun.’ Salmān said, ‘The wife of Fir’awn was tortured by the heat of the sun, but when they left her, the angels shaded her.’ {When she said, “My Lord, build for me near You a house in Paradise”}. So Allah revealed her house in Paradise to her such that she saw it. And in the story, it’s mentioned that Fir’awn ordered for a large boulder to be thrown on her, but when they came with the boulder she said, {“My Lord, build for me near You a house in Paradise”}. Then she saw her house in Paradise, which was made of white pearls, and her soul was taken, so the boulder was thrown onto a body with no soul in it, and she did not suffer any pain. Al- Hasan and Ibn Kaysān said, ‘Allah raised the wife of Fir’awn to Paradise, so she is there eating and drinking.’ {And save me from Fir’awn and his deed}. Muqātil said, ‘{And his deed}, meaning: shirk.’ Abū Sālih narrated that Ibn ‘Abbās said, ‘{And his deed}, meaning: his intercourse.’ {And save me from the wrongdoing people}, meaning: the kuffār.” 
As for the one who knows her husband’s condition of apostasy, and his criminality towards the slaves of Allah, and his allegiance to the kuffār, and his support for them against the Muslims, and despite that she agrees with him concerning what he is upon and defends him, and even supports him at times using her wealth and opinions, then I recite to her the following story. It is the story of the two wives of al-Mukhtār Ibn Abī ‘Ubayd ath-Thaqafī, one of the liars who disbelieved and claimed prophethood, after which Allah gave hold of his filthy head to Mus’ab Ibn az-Zubayr . His two wives remained thereafter. Imām Ibn Kathīr r states concerning them, “Mus’ab asked Umm Thābit Bint Samurah Ibn Jundub the wife of al-Mukhtār about him, and she said, ‘What can I say about him other than what you say about him.’ So he left her and summoned his other wife, ‘Amrah Bint an-Nu’mān Ibn Bashīr, and said to her, ‘What do you say about him?’ So she said, ‘May Allah have mercy upon him. He was one of the righteous slaves of Allah.’ So he imprisoned her and wrote to his brother saying, ‘She says that he is a prophet.’ So he wrote back to him saying, ‘Take her out and kill her.’ So he took her to the city outskirts and she was struck several times until she died” [Al-Bidāyah wan-Nihāyah]. 
And do not think – may Allah guide you – that having a beard or wearing a Qandahāriyyah2 is a factor that prevents takfir and makes your husband infallible. How many bushy beards – that drank from the cup of apostasy down to the last drops, and were laughed at and belittled by the palace scholars, and allied with the kuffār and fought the righteous – were given authority in the land by Allah and then turned their backs on His Sharī’ah, not ruling by what their Lord revealed for even a single hour. Even in the case of a woman who committed fornication, they killed her by shooting her with bullets, while saying she was accused of prostitution! They fear openly speaking the truth lest they are afflicted by a wound! These are beards that have compromised the principles and fundamentals of their religion until they completely cast it off by supporting the murtaddīn against the Muslims, and they recently refused to emerge before the Ummah except in the “folkish Syrian garment,” in a message to their allies amongst the factions receiving conditional support, whose meaning was, “We are nationalists. Our concern is Syria, nothing else. We make peace with the Syrian Druze and wage war against the Iraqi muwahhid. So be pleased with us and don’t fear us! We will not overstep the Sykes-Picot borders drawn up for you by the crusaders, out of respect for you, and in order to avoid and prevent your anger and seek your pleasure!”3 
They’ve deceived you, O female slave of Allah. They said, “We are fighting for the cause of Allah and will establish His Sharī’ah.” How is that possible when they’ve allied with every kāfir and every sinner?! Amongst them are those who don’t want the Sharī’ah to begin with, and amongst them are those who want a “Sharī’ah” that is codified for them by the “general interest.” So whatever of the 2 Editor’s Note: The type of thawb worn by men in Afghanistan. 3 Editor’s Note: This is referring to the traitor Jawlānī, who appeared in an AlJazeera in- terview. His stance on the Druze is briefly discussed in the article of this issue titled “The Allies of al-Qā’idah in Shām: Part 3.” 
Indeed you, may Allah guide you, are associating with a husband who is pleased having the warplanes of the cross flying in his skies in order to pour the lava of death upon the Muslims, upon helpless women and children. And how badly have they been exposed by their walkie-talkies, which revealed their joy and ecstasy at seeing the crusader coalition airstrikes on the lands of the Muslims. Indeed, you are serving a husband concerned with pleasing the Arabs, or the West, or the people, not with pleasing his Lord. You tire yourself, and all your fatigue for his sake will become scattered dust! 
Perhaps the wife of a Sahwah soldier will be shocked by my words if she reads them and is faced with the reality of her husband, but I say to her, by Allah, I am only a compassionate adviser. {I only intend reform as much as I am able. And my success is not but through Allah. Upon him I have relied, and to Him I return} [Hūd: 88]. And if you are a seeker of the truth, then search and investigate, and Allah will not forsake your deed. And know that there are two options before you, with no third. You advise your husband and make him fear Allah  and remind him of Him. If he desists and repents, then that is the grace of Allah, which He bestows upon whom He wills. If, however, he shows arrogance and his pride in his sin takes hold of him, then it’s upon you to abandon him in the dunyā so that you may succeed in the Hereafter. And here I call on you to make hijrah to us here in the lands of the blessed Islamic State! Do you not love Allah and His Messenger? Do you not desire to live in a land over which no rule is established other than the rule of Allah ? Then come, make your way to dārul-islām. And I remind you of the individual obligation on every Muslim and Muslimah to make hijrah from dārul-kufr to dārul-islām. 
Allah  says, {Indeed, those whom the angels take [in death] while wronging themselves – [the angels] will say, “In what [condition] were you?” They will say, “We were oppressed in the land.” The angels will say, “Was not the earth of Allah spacious [enough] for you to emigrate therein?” For those, their refuge is Hell – and evil it is as a destination} [An-Nisā’: 97]. Imām Ibn Kathīr r says, “The noble āyah is general and refers to every person who resides amongst the mushrikīn while he is able to make hijrah and is not able to establish the religion. So he is wronging himself and committing a sin according to consensus and according to the text of this āyah where Allah says, {Indeed, those whom the angels take [in death] while wronging themselves}, meaning: by leaving off hijrah, {[the angels] will say, “In what [condition] were you?”}, meaning: Why did you reside here and leave off hijrah? {They will say, “We were oppressed in the land”}, meaning: We are not able to leave the land, nor travel the earth. {The angels will say, “Was not the earth of Allah spacious [enough] for you to emigrate therein?” For those, their refuge is Hell – and evil it is as a destination.}” 
And know, may Allah guide you, that today you are following a husband who will disassociate himself from you tomorrow. {When those who have been followed disassociate themselves from those who followed [them], and they [all] see the punishment, and cut off from them are the ties [of relationship]} [Al-Baqarah: 166]. And remember that Allah alone is the Lord of those who are helpless, and the refuge of those in fear, and the aid for those who seek help, so rush to the State of honor even if you have to exchange all your dunyā for your Hereafter. 
The Mujāhid Shaykh Abū Muhammad al-‘Adnānī ash-Shāmī – may Allah protect him and make him a thorn in the throats of the apostates, munāfiqīn, and “theorists” – said, “We likewise renew our call to the soldiers of the factions in Shām and Libya. We call on them to think long before embarking to fight the Islamic State, which rules by that which Allah revealed. Remember, O you afflicted by fitnah, before embarking to fight the Islamic State, that there is no place on the face of the Earth where the Sharī’ah of Allah is implemented and the rule is entirely for Allah except for the lands of the Islamic State. Remember that if you were able to capture one hand span, one village, or one city from it, the law of Allah in that area would be replaced with the laws of men. Then ask yourself, ‘What is the ruling on someone who replaces or is a cause for the replacement of the law of Allah with the law of man?’ Yes, you become a kāfir because of that. So beware, for by fighting the Islamic State you fall into kufr whether you realize it or not” [O Our People Respond to the Caller of Allah]. 
The Messenger of Allah  said, “Indeed Allah has guaranteed me to take care of Shām and its people” [Sahīh: Reported by Imām Ahmad from Ibn Hawālah]. Khuraym Ibn Fātik al-Asadī  said, “The people of Shām are Allah’s whip on Earth. He takes retribution through them from whomever He wills and however He wills. Their munāfiqīn are forbidden from overpowering their believers. Their hypocrites won’t die except due to anxiety, fury, or sorrow” [Al-Mundhirī said in “At- Targhīb wat-Tarhīb,” “At-Tabarī narrated it marfū’ and Ahmad mawqūf and the latter is perhaps more correct. Its narrators are trustworthy”]. 
After that, Allah blessed Shām and its people by repelling and reversing the Sahwah Coalition’s plot and by granting the Islamic State authority in the blessed land of Shām and strengthening its religion – the religion of the cheerful warrior  – in ar-Raqqah, al-Barakah, al-Khayr, Halab, Hims, and elsewhere. Then the conquests expanded in the east, thus ‘Irāq was liberated in Mosul, al-Anbar, al-Fallūjah, Salāhuddīn, Karkūk and elsewhere. And its soldiers continue to hope for Allah’s further support and the conquest of Constantinople and Rome. 
Coalition and its councils to fail. It conquered some of the towns and villages in Shām, like al-Bāb, I’zāz, ad-Dānā, and others which used to be ruled by the Nusayrī regime and then by the resistant parties like the Free Syrian Army and its allies who resisted the Sharī’ah and its rulings. Thus, the Islamic State ruled those towns and villages with what Allah had sent down on His Messenger , established in them the hudūd, commanded the good, forbade the evil, and judged between the people by the Sharī’ah. 
Therefore, the groups of apostates, hypocrites, innovators, corruption spreaders, rebels, and partisans – having diverse hearts but allied to one another – thought, evaluated, plotted, collaborated amongst each other, and all of them participated in the concocted treachery… A few supposedly “neutral” groups remained outside of this coalition, like a confused lamb, neither with this side nor the other, and Allah’s help is sought. 
In the beginning, the wicked Sahwah Coalition in Shām consisted of “Jaysh al-Mujāhidīn,” the “Islamic Front,” “Jabhat Thuwār Sūriyā,” the Free Syrian Army, and the Jawlānī front.1 1 Entering into a coalition is by cooperating with it on its aim. It is not a condition that the party signs a membership paper to join the coalition. Also, some of the jihād claimants persist on blatantly lying, claiming that the Jawlānī front did not partake in the Sahwah. So what is then “Majlis Shūrā Mujāhidī ash-Sharqiyyah” (Mishmish)? And what is “Liwā’ Thuwwār ar-Raqqah”? (They were the Jawlānī front’s branch in Wilāyat ar-Raqqah until the 16th of Jumādā al- Ākhirah 1435, more than three months after the beginning of the Sahwah. They are the soldiers of the Syrian called “Abū Sa’d al-Hadramī.” Now they are fighting in ‘Ayn al-Islām and Tall Abyad in one rank together with the Kurdish atheists while shielded by American air cover.) 
The Islamic State did not conquer a city or village after this malicious plot except that it ruled it by the Sharī’ah of Allah. When the parties of deviance in ar-Raqqah consisting of “Ahrār ash-Shām” and the Jawlānī front (or what is now known now as “Liwā’ Thuwwār ar-Raqqa”) plotted against the muhājirīn and ansār in it and acted treacherously against them, the muwahhid mujāhidīn expelled them from it, humiliated. Then they spread the authority of the Sharī’ah over the complete wilāyah. They enforced prayer, collected zakah, and founded the Hisbah to command good and forbid evil. They executed the hudūd, judged in their courts by what Allah revealed, returned the rights of the oppressed, fought the kuffār and apostates, and enforced the jizyah upon Ahlul- Kitāb. Thus, ar-Raqqah witnessed what it had not witnessed before from the rulings of the Sharī’ah. Likewise was the case of the other cities and Indeed all the people of Halab know the role that the Jawlānī front played in the Sahwah Coalition, since the interrogators in the Sahwāt’s prisons were security officers from the Jawlānī front. And if a muhājir wanted safety, the Sahwah Coalition used to order him to surrender himself to the Jawlānī front. And this was all done in cooperation with other factions from the Sahwah Coalition as “‘Amr al-Halabī” mentioned in the first days of the Sahwah on the Jawlānī front’s favorite TV channel: AlJazeera… One of the former members of Jawlānī’s “shūrā” council who returned to the Islamic State’s ranks informed us that Jawlānī informed them in a gathering two weeks before the laun- ching of the Sahwah plot, that the parties had agreed upon waging war against the Islamic State soon and that he had attended the gathering in which the decision was made. When he asked Jawlānī about his front’s role in that, Jawlānī mentioned that he had pledged to cover the frontlines with the regime that would be weakened by this plot. (For details, read the interview with the brother in this issue of Dābiq.) So the wicked one knew with certainty what was concocted against the Islamic State and he promised to protect the backs of the factions, allowing them to launch their war against the Islamic State. He thereby made sure that the Jawlānī front would stay far from the foreground and thus present itself as neutral “only” defending the frontlines against the Nusayrī re- gime, frontlines which the Islamic State was occupied from protecting after the factions stabbed it in the back. Even the image of neutrality, he quickly cast it off and entered as a major player in the wicked Sahwah plot, as his front fought the Islamic State directly or by betraying its soldiers, luring them to imprisonment, and stripping them of their arms. 
Yes, no doubt that the Islamic State conquered some of the areas, which used to be ruled by other than what Allah revealed, areas which were ruled by the laws of the kāfir Baath Party, then by the laws of the factions and by their corrupt doubts and false claims. Then these areas were subjected to the authority of the Sharī’ah and the enemy confirmed so even before the friend. The Islamic State was even accused of “rushing” the enforcement of the Sharī’ah laws, “burning the stages,” “disregarding the benefits and harms,” and “not caring about gradual implementation.” 
There is also no doubt the lands ruled by the Sahwah Coalition now are not ruled by what Allah revealed and the “best” of these lands is where there are committees that they’ve dubbed “sharī’ah committees” to give an illusion of Sharī’ah while they are in reality committees afflicted with fitnah and which do not rule by the Sharī’ah except for a few laws codified by their laws, like the “Unified Arabic Law,” which is called to by some of the factions, or laws which do not irritate the coalition partners nor the “common people,” as is the case with the committees that do not establish the hadd upon the individual apostates such as those who mock Allah or His Messenger  or those who abandon prayer. They do not establish the hadd upon the transgressing sinner like the thief or the fornicator and they substitute the shar’ī hadd with ta’zīr (a censure for sins that do not have a specified hadd). Their authority is almost limited to affairs of reconciliation between the people and even in this domain the strong have the upper hand over the weak. 
Every party has its suspicions and claims. Some of them say that the establishment of the Sharī’ah incites the enemy against the people of Shām and they fear to be afflicted by adversities. Others say the greater good dictates not to establish Sharī’ah and that the harm in its establishment is greater than the benefit in establishing it! Yet others falsely call to ignorant politics under the pretext of “siyāsah shar’iyyah.” And from them are those 
who’ve tied the establishment of the Sharī’ah to the agreement of the party’s leader or the consultation with and satisfaction of the local people regarding the one who will establish the Sharī’ah. Some of them are those who reject the Sharī’ah or most of it like the secularists, modernists, and the Ikhwān. Amongst them are those who belittle it. They refer to the collection of zakāh and jizyah as “taxes,” the enslavement of mushrik women and taking them as concubines as “fornication,” the implementation of the hudūd as “foolishness,” the manifestation of enmity towards the tawāghīt and mushrikīn as “insanity,” and the execution of the hadd upon the apostate as a “crime.” Some of them say that the “liberated areas” are dār harb and that it is not allowed to establish the Sharī’ah there until war has ended. Accordingly, they have testified against themselves and spared us the need to clarify their status… 
Ibn Qudāmah said, “When the people of a land apostatize and their laws are executed, their land becomes dār harb” [Al-Mughnī]. Al-Mardāwī said, “Dār al-Harb is where the laws of kufr have the upper hand” [Al-Insāf]. Thus, they went astray when they distorted the meaning of dār al-harb to match their partisan interests. In fact, they resisted that very obligation – ruling by the Sharī’ah – which by them not establishing it their territory truly became dār harb not dār Islām! Indeed, the obligation is to establish the hudūd in the frontier posts in addition to the “liberated areas”! Ibn Qudāmah said, “The hudūd are to be established in the frontier posts because they are a part of the lands of Islam and we do not know of 
After the cleansing of the wilāyāt of ar-Raqqah, al- Khayr, and al-Barakah from the Sahwah Coalition, the Islamic State did not proceed towards the lands where the Sahwah was ruling, because at that time the army of the Islamic State was already deeply engaged in a war against the Rāfidah, the Nusayriyyah, and the Atheists in Iraq and Shām. Thus, it didn’t tread towards them except after the Sahwāt had mobilized their various factions to fight the Islamic State while expecting it to be weak as it was fighting the Crusaders and their allies. It didn’t tread towards them except after the tawāghīt pronounced with their own tongues and informed through the undertones of their speech about their plot to cover the lands of Shām with their “storms” of illusion so as to fight the Islamic State and strengthen the Sahwah Coalition. They announced their support for “Jaysh al-Fath” (“the Army of Conquest”). (Jawlānī bore witness in his interview to the conditional support of the tawāghīt to his allies in “Jaysh al-Fath” and this is the matter that his ally “Faylaq ash-Shām” made clear in their statement of support for the tāghūt of Āl Salūl.) 
published by the “theorist” deceivers who sat back from jihād with the women, and by the extremists from the partisan murji’ah, and by their brothers from the “scholars” of the tawāghīt. They disputed the Islamic State, declared it to be innovators, and alleged that its soldiers and commanders were Khawārij who went out against the Muslim masses with the sword. But the Islamic State did nothing but fight the Sahwah Coalition, which plotted for the destruction of the Khilāfah project and even resisted implementation of the Sharī’ah. As for the oppressed Muslim masses, then it is distant from ever intentionally killing a single Muslim! 
Since the matter requires clarification, as it is necessary that the muwahhid mujāhid knows whom he fights and why and likewise it is important that the enemy knows why he is fought and killed, so that perhaps some of the ignorant misguided ones in their ranks wake up and repent from what they are upon, thus it became necessary to clarify the status of the Sahwah Coalition according to the methodology of Ahlus-Sunnah wal-Jamā’ah, as is adhered to by the leaders of the Islamic State. 
Now we return to what the official speaker of the Islamic State said in his last speech “O Our People Respond to the Caller of Allah,” “Remember, O you afflicted by fitnah, before embarking to fight the Islamic State, that there is no place on the face of the Earth where the Sharī’ah of Allah is implemented and the rule is entirely for Allah except for the lands of the Islamic State. Remember that if you were able to capture one hand span, one village, or one city from it, the law of Allah in that area would be replaced with the laws of men. Then ask yourself, ‘What is the ruling on someone who replaces or is a cause for the replacement of the law of Allah with the law of man?’ Yes, you become a kāfir because of that. So beware, for by fighting the Islamic State you fall into kufr whether you realize it or not.” 
its perpetrator from the religion and this ruling is from that in which no Muslim should have any doubt. So the Sahwah Coalition – disregarding their different banners, aims, and the pretexts of the participants in it – is actually fighting a state that rules by the Sharī’ah and enforces adherence to its laws while the Sahwah Coalition replaces the Sharī’ah of Allah – which this state has established in its areas of authority – with the laws of men. The superficial claim of belonging to Islam and the alleged intention to establish the Sharī’ah (as is the case with the Jawlānī front and others in that coalition) does not affect this ruling. Despite their claim that they will rule by the Sharī’ah in the future after the end of the war and after achieving complete liberation, the reality which they bear witness to with their own clear deeds and statements contradicts this. Despite the authority they have on their areas, they do not rule them by most laws of the Sharī’ah now (such as enforcing the repentance of apostates, establishing the hudūd, enforcing jizyah, collecting zakāh, establishing hisbah, and so on). If they “apply” it, then they do so only in a partial way and upon the weak people not the strong ones. Furthermore, the upper hand in the Sahwah Coalition is not for these Sharī’ah claimants, and so by allying 
If there existed a party which governed by the Sharī’ah and its laws, outside of the Sahwah Coalition, isolated from it, disavowing it, holding enmity towards it, not cooperating with it, nor fighting in defense of it, nor entrenched in its trenches, nor guarding its frontlines, nor taking them as allies against the Muslims, and instead it fought the Islamic State claiming that the latter is an oppressive state, then this party would have the ruling of parties similar to it of Muslim rebels. But this is a hypothetical situation that is not found in Shām. 
This “Jaysh al-Fath” which was recently formed and which is supported by the tawāghīt of Qatar, Turkey and Āl Salūl and that recently conquered some areas of Wilāyat Idlib, does it rule it by the Sharī’ah? Or is it that they have not ceased to resist many shar’ī laws like the enforcement of jizyah, the establishment of the hudūd, and the execution of the Druze if they don’t repent from their apostasy? Furthermore, what is the ruling 
of one who raises the flags of jāhiliyyah in their land? What is the ruling on individuals from the secularist, “revolutionary” opposition? Are they killed if they do not repent from apostasy? Or is it that the interest of the “revolution” and the “revolutionaries” precedes the interest of tawhīd and jihād? Thus, the secularist is not killed and instead only the “Khārijī” is killed? Such is the situation in the villages of Wilāyat Idlib, which were taken over by the Jawlānī front after their fight against the apostates of “Harakat Hazm” and “Jabhat Thuwwār Sūriyā.” 
The reality of the two wilāyāt Idlib and Halab (the areas there controlled by the Sahwah Coalition) is that they are jungles of savagery ruled by the laws of the factions. Every faction has its committee and some of these committees according to them are “shar’ī,” despite the manifestation of fitnah therein. Even if they were to judge some matters by the “Sharī’ah,” many obvious and definite laws nevertheless continue to remain outside of their “Sharī’ah.” This is from the matters which have become common knowledge and that lately made the Crusaders praise the pragmatism – as they claim – of these committees and factions.2 
they divide the authority in it amongst the judges from Ahrār ash-Shām, “Jaysh al-Islām,” Faylaq ash-Shām, the “scholars” of Syria, the Ikhwān, and the judges that “defected from the Baathist regime” without a shar’ī repentance, thus amongst them is the Surūrī, the Jāmī, the Sūfī, the Qubūrī, the Ash’arī, the Jahmī, the modernist, and the Baathist!3 If the likes of these gather, do they judge by the Sharī’ah? Or does each party resist from the laws those that it alleges to be opposed to the common good and in support of the greater harm? 
Some of those mentioned had fallen into apostasy before even being appointed as judges, like those who permit partaking in the shirkī democratic elections, or those who seek intercession from the absent and dead, or those who take the Arab and non-Arab tawāghīt as well as the Crusaders as close allies, or those who deny some of the obvious, definite laws of the Sharī’ah… And if the “independent committees” judge that one of the parties must submit to its ruling or call them to such, you see every group finding an excuse and exemption for itself… Also, every area has its conflicting committees, each of which throws the other’s judgment against the wall. 
The Sahwah Coalition did not rule by the Sharī’ah in a single village of its villages. Rather, the fitnah in their land was manifest, that fitnah which Allah (jalla wa ‘alā) said about, {Fight them until there is no fitnah and until worship is for Allah. But if they cease, then there is to be no aggression except against the oppressors} [Al-Baqarah: 193]. {And fight them until there is no fitnah and until the religion, all of it, is for Allah. And if they cease – then indeed, Allah is Seeing of what they do} [Al-Anfāl: 39]. 
Sulaymān Āl ash-Shaykh r said, “Shaykhul-Islām Ibn Taymiyyah said when he was asked about the issue of fighting the Tatars while they claimed to adhere to the shahādatayn (testimony of Islam) and claimed to follow the basis of Islam, ‘Every party that resists the obvious and definite laws of Islam from these people or others, then it is obligatory to fight them until they comply with its laws even if they pronounce the shahādatayn and follow some of its laws, just as Abū Bakr and the Sahābah  fought those who resisted the zakāh. The fuqahā’ after them agreed upon this.’ He then said, ‘So any resistant party that resists some of the obligatory prayers, fasting, hajj, or resists abiding by the prohibition of spilling blood, looting wealth, alcohol, gambling, incest, or resists adherence to jihād against the kuffār or the enforcement of jizyah upon Ahlul-Kitāb, [in another fatwa of his in “Majmū’ al-Fatāwā” he adds, “or resists commanding the good and forbidding the evil”] or resists abiding by anything else of the obligations and prohibitions of the religion, those rulings which no one has an excuse for being ignorant of or abandoning and which the individual commits kufr by denying, then the resistant party is fought over these rulings even if it acknowledges them. This is something of which 
I know no difference between the scholars.’ He said, ‘These – according to the most judicious scholars – are not on the same level as the bughāt (the rebels). Rather they have exited Islam on the level of those who resisted zakāh.’ … So if a person who adheres to all the laws of the religion but forcefully resists the prohibition of gambling, usury, or fornication is a kāfir whom it is obligatory to fight, how much more so is the case of he who practices shirk with Allah and is called to offer the religion sincerely to Allah and declare barā’ah and kufr towards everything worshipped besides Allah, but instead he arrogantly refuses and is from the kāfirīn” [Taysīr al-‘Azīz al-Hamīd]. 
that the one who forcefully resists a law from the laws of Islam, like the five prayers, fasting, zakāh, or hajj, or forcefully resists abandoning the forbidden matters like fornication, murder, theft and plunder, alcohol, or intoxicants, and so forth, then it is obligatory to fight the party resisting such until the religion is only for Allah alone and until they abide by all laws of Islam, even if they pronounce the shahādah and hold on to some of the laws of Islam, and that this is something that all the scholars have agreed upon, since the Companions and those after them, and that this is in accordance with the Qur’ān and the Sunnah. Thus, it becomes clear to you that the mere adherence to Islam coupled with the resistance to some of its laws does not save them from war and that they are to be fought because of their kufr and apostasy from Islam as he made clear in the end of his fatwā” [Al-Kalimāt an-Nāfi’ah]. 
Shaykhul-Islām Ibn Taymiyyah r said, explaining the obligation to fight the resistant parties, “This is because Allah  said in His book, {And fight them until there is no fitnah and [until] the religion, all of it, is for Allah} [Al-Anfāl: 39]. So, if some of the religion is for Allah and some of it is for other than Allah it becomes obligatory to fight them until the religion is for Allah alone. He  said, {But if they should repent, establish prayer, and give zakāh, let them [go] on their way} [At-Tawbah: 5]. He did not order to let them go except after their repentance from all types of kufr and after establishing prayer and giving zakāh. He  said, {O you who have believed, fear Allah and give up what remains [due to you] of interest, if you should be believers. And if you do not, then be informed of a war [against you] from Allah and His Messenger.} [Al-Baqarah: 278-279].4 He  informed us that the resistant party, if it does not desist from usury, it has waged war against Allah and His Messenger. Usury is the last matter that Allah prohibited in the Qur’ān, so what He prohibited before it is even more certain. He  4 Shaykhul-Islām Ibn Taymiyyah r said, “This āyah was revealed concerning the people of at-Tā’if when they entered Islam, abided by prayer and fasting, but resisted abandoning usury. Thus, Allah clarified that they were waging war against Him and His Messenger if they did not desist from usury. Usury is the last matter that Allah prohibited and it is wealth that is taken with the content of its owner. So if these people were waging war against Allah and His Messenger and it was obligatory to perform jihād against them, how much more so is the case of those who have abandoned many of the laws of Islam or most of them” [Majmū’ al-Fatāwā]. 
said, {Indeed, the penalty for those who wage war against Allah and His Messenger and strive upon earth [to cause] corruption is none but that they be killed or crucified or that their hands and feet be cut off from opposite sides or that they be exiled from the land} [Al-Mā’idah: 33].5 Thus, any of those who forcefully resist obeying Allah and His Messenger have waged war against Allah and His Messenger. And whoever implements upon this Earth something other than the Book of Allah and the Sunnah of His Messenger  has thus strived to spread corruption on the Earth” [Majmū’ al-Fatāwā]. 
And from amongst those who confused the people about the Sahwāt are the jihād claimants in the Jawlānī front and other similar groups. The people considered them to be the “most Islamic” factions in the Sahwah Coalition. So we ask them, is the person who admits that he is not ruling by the Sharī’ah right now and not imposing jizyah on the Christians in the “liberated regions” despite his ability to do so, is he ruling by the Sharī’ah? 
Jawlānī said, “The situation of the Christians right now is that we do not fight other than those who fight us, and the Christians are not fighting us now. If we establish Islamic rule in the region, they will submit to the Islamic system of rule that we have with us. In addition, concerning the matter of paying jizyah, whoever is able to pay will pay, and whoever does not have the ability to pay will not pay … Right now, we do not impose anything on them … We do not have a war with the Christians right now. We do not hold the Christians responsible for what America is doing, nor do we hold them responsible for what the Coptic Christians are doing in Egypt” [AlJazeera: Bilā Hudūd – Part 1]. 
5 Shaykhul-Islām Ibn Taymiyyah r said, “It was said that the cause behind the revelation of this verse was those belonging to the ‘Uraynah tribe who had committed apostasy and mur- der and plundered wealth [Reported by Abū Dāwūd with a sahīh isnād from Anas]. And it was said that the cause was a covenant-holding people who broke their covenant and waged war. And it was said that it referred to the mushrikīn. Thus it gathers between the war-wa- ging apostates, the war-waging covenant breakers, and the war-waging mushrikīn. The ma- jority from the Salaf and those after them say it also encompasses the highway robbers from amongst the Muslims. And the verse encompasses all of these” [Majmū’ al-Fatāwā]. 
Also, the Sahwah coalition consists of the “Free Syrian Army,” the “Shāmiyyah Front,” “Faylaq ash-Shām,” “Jaysh al-Islam,” the “Jawlānī front,”6 and amongst them are nationalists, democracy advocates, Surūriyyah, agents of Āl Salūl, and proponents of “populist jihād.” Will such people cooperate on ruling by the Sharī’ah? And if they form a coalition against the Islamic State, is it permissible for the Sharī’ah claimant to join their coalition and support them in fighting the Islamic State? And if the power in the coalition is for other than Allah’s Sharī’ah – and this is the reality – is their action considered to be merely requesting the help of the kuffār against the Muslims, which is absolutely prohibited and blatant deviance, or is it considered to be aiding the kuffār against the Muslims, which is extreme apostasy! And those who permitted seeking the help of the kuffār against other kuffār (not against Muslims) listed many conditions, which are not fulfilled by the Sharī’ah claimants in the action they take with their allies from amongst the apostate factions against the Islamic State. 
‘Abdul-Latīf Ibn Shaykh ‘Abdir-Rahmān Ibn Hasan Ibn Muhammad Ibn ‘Abdul-Wahhāb , in refutation of those who permit supporting the apostates against the Muslims under the claim that they are only seeking their help, said, “As for your 6 Refer to the series “The Allies of al-Qā’idah in Shām” (issues 8, 9, and 10 of Dābiq) to read about the apostasy of the allies of the Jawlānī front. So will the Jawlānī front establish Sharī’ah together with those who appeal to the people’s desires (the “Islamic Front” led by Zahran Alloush), or with those who pledge allegiance to the tāghūt Salmān Āl Salūl (“Fay- laq ash-Shām”), or with those who call to national unity and to sanctify the blood of the Bātinī sects and to respect the Sykes-Picot borders (the “Shāmiyyah Front”)? And these, along with other factions are the ones who receive conditional aid from the tawāghīt, for there is no aid without conditions as al-Jawlānī himself stated in his interview, and as the donkey of knowledge, al-Maqdisī, stated in his “tweets.” 
permitting to seek their support, the argument is not on this issue, but rather on the issue of allying with them and bringing them here, and giving them control over an Islamic land wherein they demolished the rites of Islam, the principles of the religion, its fundamentals and its branches. And with their leaders is a set of manmade laws and a tāghūt whom they setup in order to judge between people concerning their blood, their wealth, and other matters, with laws that oppose and go against the shar’ī texts. If any issue arises, they look into it and judge by the manmade laws, and throw the book of Allah behind their backs.” 
“As for the issue of seeking help from them [meaning against other kuffār], it is a matter in which there is a difference of opinion. The correct position, which the leading scholars are upon, is that it is completely prohibited. Their evidence is the hadīth narrated by ‘Ā’ishah (radiyallāhu anhā) which is agreed upon by al-Bukhārī and Muslim, and the hadīth narrated by ‘Abdur-Rahmān Ibn Habīb which is authentic and marfū’. Look for them and you will find them in the texts you have with you. Those who say it is permissible use as evidence a mursal from az-Zuhrī, and you know how mursal narrations are treated when they contradict the Qur’an and Sunnah. Furthermore, those who say it is permissible place some conditions: that it should be done for the good of the Muslims and the desire to benefit them, whereas in this case it contains destruction and devastation for them. They also stipulate that the mushrikīn should not have a fearful degree of power and authority, and this invalidates your position in this particular case. They also stipulate that the mushrik should not have any influence in opinion and decision- making, which is the opposite of what is taking place in this case. All this has been mentioned by the scholars of fiqh and the hadīth commentators, and [ash-Shawkānī] has mentioned this in ‘Sharh al-Muntaqā’ [‘Naylul-Awtār’] and has declared the mursal narration of az-Zuhrī very weak. And all this is regarding a mushrik fighting with the Muslims against another mushrik. As for a Muslim seeking the help of a mushrik against a bāghī (outlaw), then no one has allowed this other than those who have strayed” [Ad-Durar as-Saniyyah]. 
He also said on the same issue, “The reality of the matter is more severe and far greater than the issue of merely seeking help and support. It is allying with them and removing the barrier protecting the people of Islam and tawhīd from them, removing the principles and fundamentals of Islam, shedding the blood of the Muslims, and violating their honor and wealth. This is the reality of the present situation. Because of this, open shirk and blatant kufr started to appear in the land to the extent that not even a trace of Islam remained to refer back to or depend on for salvation. How so, when the principles of tawhīd and īmān were destroyed, the rulings of the Qur’an and Sunnah were set aside, the first generations – from amongst the people of Badr and Bay’at ar-Ridwān – were openly cursed, and shirk and Rāfidī Shī’ism emerged openly in those places and lands? And those who reduce the present situation to simply being a matter of seeking help from them, neither understand the issue, nor are aware of the disaster and calamity that has taken place” [Ad-Durar as-Saniyyah]. 
And this is similar to their situation, for when the Islamic State was expelled from some of the lands that were under its control, the Free Syrian Army and the so-called “Islamic” factions supported by the tawāghīt of Qatar, Turkey, and Āl Salūl entered those lands, raised the banners of jāhilī secularism, and took down the banners of Tawhīd and Sunnah. They imprisoned the muhājirīn and muhājirāt, and passed judgment upon their blood, honor, and wealth according to their whims. They closed down the Sharī’ah courts and replaced them with the laws of the factions and their committees which, even if they judged by a law that happened to agree with the law of the Sharī’ah in some case, or judged by some of what Allah revealed, they nonetheless were not judging by most of the laws of the Sharī’ah, and they abandoned them for the fitnah that the Muslims were ordered to bring an end to with death and war. 
1229 AH)7 in his letter to the Ottoman8 leader in Baghdad, Sulaymān Bāshā, “We only fight and declare the kufr of one who commits shirk with Allah, sets up a partner for Allah whom he calls upon just as he calls upon Allah, whom he slaughters for just as he slaughters for Allah, whom he vows oaths to just as he vows oaths to Allah, whom he fears just as he fears Allah, and whom he seeks rescue from at times of distress and need, as well as he who fights in defense of the idols and the domes built upon the graves, which have been taken as idols that are worshipped besides Allah. If you are truthful in your claim that you are upon the religion of Islam and are the followers of the Messenger , then demolish all those idols and flatten them to the ground, and repent to Allah from all shirk and bid’ah. Actualize the statement ‘There is god but Allah and Muhammad is the Messenger of Allah.’ And whoever directs an act of worship to other than Allah from amongst the dead or living, prohibit him from doing so, and inform him that this is a matter that nullifies one’s Islam and resembles the 7 Note: The mujāhid leader Sa’ūd Ibn ‘Abdil-‘Azīz Ibn Muhammad Ibn Sa’ūd ( – died 1229 AH) is not to be confused with the murtadd tāghūt Sa’ūd Ibn ‘Abdil-‘Azīz Ibn ‘Ab- dir-Rahmān Āl Sa’ūd (perished 1388 AH). Furthermore, there’s a difference between that which is referred to historically as the “first Saudi state,” which was established by the mu- jāhid leader Muhammad Ibn Sa’ūd and his early grandsons  and with which he sup- ported Imām Muhammad Ibn ‘Abdil-Wahhāb r, and between the “third Saudi state” of the present era, which is the state of the murtadd tāghūt ‘Abdul-‘Azīz Ibn ‘Abdir-Rahmān (perished 1373 AH) and his grandsons who allied with the crusaders and who rule by manmade laws. 8 Some of the people, due to their ignorance, refer to this state as the “Ottoman Khilāfah” even though it was ruling by manmade laws and spreading the mushrik Sūfī tarīqas, as was most apparent in its final stages when it was defending tombs and waging war against the da’wah that was renewed by Imām Muhammad Ibn ‘Abdil-Wahhāb r. In addition to this, it did not fulfill the condition of having a Qurashī ruler. 
“Likewise with the zakāh that Allah has obligated. It is collected from the wealthy and given to the eligible people whom Allah has mentioned. If you do this then you are our brothers. You will have the same rights as we have and you will have the same responsibilities as we have. Your blood and wealth will be prohibited for us. If, however, you continue upon this condition that you are in, and do not repent from the shirk that you are upon and adhere to the religion of Allah with which He sent His Messenger  and abandon shirk and bid’ah, we will continue to fight you until you return to Allah’s religion, and traverse its straight path as Allah has commanded us to do, as in His statement, {And fight them until there is no fitnah and until the religion, all of it, is for Allah} [Al-Anfāl: 39]. And He  said, {Then kill the mushrikīn wherever you find them and capture them and besiege them and sit in wait for them at every place of ambush. But if they should repent, establish prayer, and give zakāh, let them go on their way} [At-Tawbah: 5]” [Ad-Durar as-Saniyyah]. 
gatherings, accursed sites, and structures built over the graves, along with the act of directing Allah’s rights to these graves, including du’ā’, sacrifice, oaths, fear and hope, and asking them for that which should not be asked for except from Allah, as well as praying there, touching them with the hope of attaining blessings, offering gifts to them, and other such disgusting and hideous activities, all exist among you openly. And he who does not take part in such deeds is pleased with them, and he defends the people who do these deeds with his wealth, his tongue, and his hands.” 
“The five daily prayers are likewise abandoned, and most of your people do not attend the jumu’ah or congregational prayer, nor do they pray individually. And most of those amongst you who do pray, pray individually at home, and those who attend congregational prayer are few in number. When one of them attends the prayer, he comes out and finds the people in the markets, abandoning the prayer and immersed in sin, play, immorality, and wrongs, and he does not denounce them.” 
“The zakāh is likewise abandoned. It is not taken from the people’s wealth, nor are their crops counted, nor is the work of Allah’s Messenger  in that regard undertaken, nor is the zakāh due on the crops collected, nor spent upon those designated as eligible recipients by Allah from above the seven heavens, as the Prophet  said, ‘Allah was not pleased with having the recipients of zakāh designated by a prophet or anyone else. Rather, He divided it Himself and took responsibility of designating its recipients with His statement, {Zakāh expenditures are only for the poor and for 
“Furthermore, you do not uphold any of the deeds of righteousness in addition to the pillars, nor do you command the people to practice them, whereas all sinful acts are openly committed among you and for most of you they have become part of your nature. This includes committing shirk with Allah, fornication, and sodomy – the deed of the people of Lūt, the people of the overturned towns about whom Allah said, {And the overturned towns He hurled down, and covered them by that which He covered} [An-Najm: 53-54]. We seek protection with Allah the Mighty, and with His Noble Face, from his wrath and punishment.” 
“Likewise usury, sorcery, and claiming to have knowledge of the unseen, and all kinds of sins, including alcohol and other intoxicants, such as tobacco and its likes, prostitution, injustice, aggression, taking the wealth of the poor, the weak, the wealthy, and the farmers – you forcibly, aggressively, and unjustly take their wealth – and many other similar matters that are too many to count and would take too long to mention, are things that you do not denounce.” 
these sins, he and those who commit them are equal, as Allah  said, {And it has already been revealed to you in the Book that when you hear the verses of Allah being denied and mocked at, then sit not with them until they engage in a talk other than that; otherwise you would be like them} [An-Nisā’: 140]. And He  said, {You will not find a people who believe in Allah and the Last Day having affection for those who oppose Allah and His Messenger, even if they were their fathers or their sons or their brothers or their kindred. Those – He has decreed within their hearts faith and supported them with a spirit from Him} [Al-Mujādilah: 22]. And He  said, {And do not incline toward those who do wrong, lest you be touched by the Fire, and you would not have other than Allah any protectors; then you would not be helped} [Hūd: 113]. And in the hadīth, ‘I have nothing to do with a Muslim living amongst the mushrikīn,’ and in another hadīth, ‘They should not be able to see each other’s fires.’ And you are aware of your deeds, and you are aware of the shirk and hideous deeds amongst you, and you know yourselves of this, as He  said, {Rather, man, against himself, will be a witness, even if he presents his excuses} [Al-Qiyāmah: 14- 15].” 
“We will rub the noses of the kuffār in dirt, shed their blood, and take their wealth as ghanīmah by the might and power of Allah. And we do all that in emulation of the Prophet , not innovating anything. We do it in obedience to Allah and His Messenger, and to come closer to Allah. And we hope to attain abundant rewards by this deed, as per His statement, {Then kill the mushrikīn wherever you find them and capture them and besiege them and sit in wait for them at every place of ambush. But if they should repent, establish prayer, and give zakāh, let them go on their way. Indeed, Allah is 
Forgiving and Merciful} [At-Tawbah: 5], and His statement, {And fight them until there is no fitnah and until the religion, all of it, is for Allah. And if they cease – then indeed, Allah is seeing of what they do. But if they turn away – then know that Allah is your protector. Excellent is the protector, and Excellent is the helper} [Al-Anfāl: 39-40], and His statement, {So when you meet those who disbelieve strike their necks} [Muhammad: 4], and His statement, {Fight them; Allah will punish them by your hands and will disgrace them and give you victory over them} [At-Tawbah: 14].” 
“We desire what is with Allah of abundant rewards, as Allah  said, {Indeed, Allah has purchased from the believers their lives and their properties in exchange for that they will have Paradise. They fight in the cause of Allah, so they kill and are killed. It is a true promise binding upon Him in the Torah and the Gospel and the Qur’ān. And who is truer to his covenant than Allah? So rejoice in your transaction which you have contracted. And it is that which is the great attainment} [At-Tawbah: 111]. And He  said, {O you who have believed, shall I guide you to a transaction that will save you from a painful punishment? It is that you believe in Allah and His Messenger and strive in the cause of Allah with your wealth and your lives. That is best for you, if you should know. He will forgive for you your sins and admit you to gardens beneath which rivers flow and pleasant dwellings in gardens of perpetual residence. That is the great attainment. 
He then continued, until he said, “As for having a truce while you are upon other than Islam, then by Allah’s might and power, this is something impossible. And you know that this is a matter that you’ve requested from us again and again. You sent us ‘Abdul-‘Azīz al-Qadīmī, and then you sent us ‘Abdul-‘Azīz Beg, and you requested from us a truce and offered to pay jizyah in the amount of thirty thousand gold dinars every year, but we did not accept that from you and did not respond to your request for a truce. If you accept Islam, you will enjoy its goodness, and that is what we seek, and if you refuse then we say to you as Allah  said, {But if they turn away, they are only in dissension, and Allah will be sufficient for you against them. And He is the Hearing, the Knowing} [Al-Baqarah: 137]. And we tell you, {“Sufficient for us is Allah, and He is the best Disposer of affairs”} [Āl ‘Imrān: 173]. And we say, O {Sovereign of the Day of Recompense. It is You we worship and You we ask for help} [Al-Fātihah: 4-5]. And we say, {Truth has come, and falsehood has departed. Indeed is falsehood, by nature, ever 
“And as for what you mentioned of a treaty, then know that running away is not an act of men, and we keep ourselves above running away and lying. And we will reach you soon, inshā’allāh, when Allah brings us to you. So when you hear the cannon strikes and smell the gunpowder, and when you see fire in your lands, inshā’allāh, then don’t hold back your strength. May Allah’s blessings and peace be upon Muhammad, and upon his family and companions” [Ad-Durar as-Saniyyah].9 
In his words there is a description of the situation in the lands ruled by the Sahwah Coalition. It should be noted that this is quoted in relation to the matter of one who forcefully resists against the laws of Sharī’ah, and that the only thing that prevents one from being fought and killed is to rule by the Sharī’ah, adhere to its laws, and disassociate oneself from those who forcefully resist the Sharī’ah and its laws. 
Shaykhul-Islām Ibn Taymiyyah r mentioned the obligation of fighting the heretical parties that forcefully resist adopting the ‘aqīdah of Ahlus- Sunnah concerning the tawhīd of Allah’s names and attributes, Qadā’ and Qadar, the Sahābah, and the Jamā’ah [Majmū’ al-Fatāwā: vol. 28, pg. 511]. So how can those factions who are even more deviant not be fought? How is it that those who dignify the tawāghīt ‘Abdullāh and Salmān Āl Salūl, Hamd and Tamīm Āl Thānī, and Erdogan and the Syrian National Coalition (may Allah curse them) and declare them along with their governments to be brothers and friends, how are they not to be fought? They also mock those who make takfīr of the tawāghīt and those who openly show their hatred and enmity towards the tawāghīt, claiming that whoever makes takfīr of the tawāghīt is a “fool” 9 Anyone who reads this and other letters of the mujāhid leader Sa’ūd Ibn ‘Abdil-‘Azīz (re- fer to footnote 7) will know the difference between a muwahhid mujāhid and the claimants to tawhīd and jihād. 
who doesn’t know politics, or is a “khārijī”! Then they approve of the blatant acts of kufr committed by the tawāghīt, such as entering into the religion of democracy, jāhilī nationalism, the United Nations, and international law! And how is it the case that others are not to be fought even though they give preference to their allies amongst the nationalist factions over and above the muhājirīn and ansār of the Islamic State, thereby preferring the allies of the tāghūt over those waging jihād for the cause of Allah, and even entering into a coalition with them against those ruling by the Sharī’ah, and referring to those ruling by the Sharī’ah as “Khawārij” while referring to those forcefully resisting obvious, definite shar’ī laws as “Muslim mujāhidīn”? 
Shaykhul-Islām Ibn Taymiyyah r said, “Allah said, {And fight them until there is no fitnah and until the religion, all of it, is for Allah. And if they cease – then indeed, Allah is Seeing of what they do} [Al- Anfāl: 39]. So whoever abandons the fighting which Allah has commanded in order to avoid fitnah, will fall into fitnah because of the doubt and illness in his heart, and because he abandoned what Allah has commanded of jihād. So ponder over this, for this is a serious matter” [Majmū’ al-Fatāwā]. 
As for you, O you who left your home and claimed to be waging jihād for the cause of Allah and to make Allah’s word the highest and the word of those who disbelieve the lowest, and then fought in the ranks of the Sahwah Coalition against the Islamic State, look around you, in front of you, behind you, to your right, to your left, and above you. Don’t you see the allies of the tawāghīt? Don’t you see those who spread corruption on the Earth? Don’t you see the spies prowling amidst the lands? Don’t you see the fighter jets above them protecting them? Are you fighting so that these people can rule the blessed land of Shām? Do you see the jizyah being imposed upon Ahlul-Kitāb? Do you see the hudūd being implemented in the land? Do you see the people being ordered with prayer, zakāh, chastity, and hijāb? Or are the people left “free,” regardless of whether they worship Allah or worship the tawāghīt? 
So O you who claims support and jihād, O you who left your home and travelled to Shām claiming hijrah while residing in the territories of the Sahwah Coalition, repent to Allah and wake up, for by Allah you are fighting the Sharī’ah whether you realize it or not. So gather your brothers, rise in unison, and kill those who order you to fight against those who rule with the Sharī’ah. Revolt against your leaders in the Sahwah Coalition, and slaughter them so that the satellite channels of the tawāghīt and the warplanes of the crusaders can cry over them. If you were to kill the Sahwah Coalition in its very stronghold it would be better than carrying out a million operations that help consolidate in the land those who forcefully resist the laws of the Sharī’ah, operations by which Shām will be ruled by other than what Allah revealed, with the approval of the tawāghīt and the crusaders. 
So detonate your explosive belt in their midst. Shoot their soldiers in the chest. Dissuade whoever you can from fighting those who rule by the Sharī’ah. Make them abandon fighting the muwahhid mujāhidīn, and spread discouragement within their ranks. Then, if you are not able to overtake their lands, rule those lands by the Sharī’ah, and openly declare your bay’ah to the Khalīfah, and if you do not have the courage to charge into their midst and kill as 
10 Bal’ām Ibn Bā’ūr is reported in the Isrā’īliyyāt and mentioned by some of the mufassirīn to have been a man from Banī Isrā’īl who had been given knowledge of Allah’s greatest name, and used it to call upon Allah and make du’ā’ against Mūsā , thereby losing both his dunyā and his hereafter. Ibn Abī Du’ād was one of the Mu’tazilah who led the fitnah in which it was claimed that the Qur’ān was created, until it was brought to an end by Imām Ahmad r. The murtadd Muhammad Syed at-Tantāwī was the former “Shaykhul-Azhar,” an Egyptian palace scholar whose legacy included permitting usury, banning the niqāb in al-Azhar University, and waging war against the mujāhidīn. The murtadd Muhammad Sa’īd Ramadān al-Būtī was a Syrian palace scholar that stood in support of the tāghūt Bas- har throughout the jihād in Shām until he was eventually killed. 
Kurdish opposition in the battles against the fighters of the ‘Islamic State’ organization.” He also said, “These strikes constitute indirect support for Ahrār ash-Shām and Jabhat an-Nusrah.” (He forgets the calls made out to the Crusader Coalition by leaders in Ahrār ash-Shām and the Shāmiyyah Front via satellite television and internet tweets.) He also said that the airstrikes indicate the presence of “an American decision to prevent the advances of the ‘Islamic State’ organization from Sawrān to the border city of I’zāz adjacent to Turkey” [Quoted from an article titled “The International Coalition Targets Jihadists Near Aleppo in the Interests of Islamic Factions Including an-Nusrah,” which was published by the website of the “Syrian Observatory” on “8 June 2015”]. 
It seems that the policy of the crusaders towards the Jawlānī front is a copy of the policy of the tawāghīt towards the front. And so just as the tawāghīt of Turkey, Qatar, and Āl Salūl support the factions of “Jayshul-Fath” (the Army of Conquest) with conditional aid (unconditional aid does not exist, as Jawlānī himself testified in his interview with AlJazeera), then the aid is distributed amongst all the participant factions in “Jayshul-Fath” including the Jawlānī front, similarly the crusaders target the Khilāfah in the interests of the Sahwah Coalition despite the 
The mujāhidīn are not used to seeing the jets of the cross and tāghūt striking the “Khawārij” in defense of “Ahlus- Sunnah wal-Jamā’ah” except in the era of the so-called “Arab Spring.” So when the jets of the wicked kuffār come to strike and defend the Sahwah Coalition – including the Jawlānī front – and help the Sahwah Coalition advance against the Islamic State under the cover of the Crusader Coalition, then know that despite the severe violence among themselves and despite the disagreement of their hearts1, they are but allies of one another2. 
And so, after the army of the Khilāfah overtook Sawrān I’zāz and expelled the humiliated Sahwah Coalition from it, the Syrian National Coalition and the heads of the factions and councils in Turkey called for the help of America on behalf of the Sahwah Coalition (leaders of Ahrār ash-Shām and the Shāmiyyah Front did not forget to partake in this supplication), and the two Republicans John McCain and Lindsey Graham exerted pressure on the holder of the crusader banner, Obama. So Obama replied to their requests, and the Islamic State was struck in Sawrān I’zāz and adjacent areas on “7 June 2015,” and “14 June 2015,” as well as on other days and nights, all the strikes serving the interests of the Sahwah Coalition. 
The “Syrian Observatory for Human Rights” (chaired by the apostate Rami Abdulrahman) commented on the event in a release on “7 June 2015,” “The jets of the International and Arab coalition executed at least 4 airstrikes targeting the locations and assemblies of the ‘Islamic State’ organization in the village of Sawrān I’zāz in the northern countryside of Aleppo, which has been witnessing for about ten days severe clashes between the ‘Islamic State’ organization on one side and on the other side: Jabhat an-Nusrah – Tandhīm al-Qā’idah fī Bilād ash-Shām – with the Islamic and military factions. The area also witnessed exchanges of strikes between the two sides and the destruction of vehicles belonging to the ‘Islamic State’ organization carried out by fighters of an-Nusrah and the other factions with the usage of American TOW missiles.” 
their brothers This might be the beginning of the implementation of proposals made by crusader think tanks, some of which were quoted in the last issue of Dābiq, in the section titled “In the Words of the Enemy.” The matter might have depended on the crusaders’ killing of leaders in al-Qā’idah so that the organization submits fearfully alongside the Tālibān emirate to American politics. Now just as the Tālibān do not pose a threat towards the safety and security of the crusader homeland, al-Qā’idah no longer poses a threat. This became the case after Dhawāhirī adopted new policies opposing the policies of the mujāhid Shaykh Usāmah Ibn Lādin r. So Dhawāhirī made the crusader lands secure, the tawāghīt secure, the post-“Arab Spring” tawāghīt secure, the Ikhwānī tawāghīt secure, the in 
the Rather the matter surpassed even this to the point that the “clear- cut maslahah (interest)” was in abandoning implementation of the Sharī’ah and its laws! A “pragmatic” policy, or so the crusaders claim. The New York Times also said on “9 June 2015” in an article titled “Al Qaeda Tries a New Tactic to Keep Power: Sharing It,” “After they routed the army in southern Yemen, fighters from Al Qaeda stormed into the city of Al Mukalla, seizing government buildings, releasing jihadists from prison and stealing millions of dollars from the central bank. Then they surprised everyone. Instead of raising their flags and imposing Islamic law, they passed control to a civilian council and gave it a budget to pay salaries, import fuel and hire teams to clean up garbage. The fighters receded into the background, maintaining only a single police station to arbitrate disputes…” 
“Al Qaeda’s branches in Syria and Yemen have taken a different route [from the Islamic State], building ties with local groups and refraining from the strict application of Shariah, the legal code of Islam, when faced with local resistance, according to residents of areas where Al Qaeda holds sway. When Al Qaeda took over Al Mukalla in April, it seized government buildings and used trucks to cart off more than $120 million from the central bank … But it soon passed control to a civilian council, giving it a budget of more than $4 million to provide services, an arrangement that made sense to local officials seeking to serve their people during wartime. ‘We are not Qaeda stooges,’ said Abdul-Hakeem bin Mahfood, the council’s secretary general, in a telephone interview. ‘We formed the council to avoid the destruction of the city.’ While the council pays salaries and distributes fuel, Al Qaeda maintains a police station to settle disputes, residents said. It has so far made no effort to ban smoking or regulate how women 
“Syria’s Qaeda affiliate, the Nusra Front, has made itself an essential component of the rebel forces seeking to oust Assad. It recently joined a rebel coalition called the Army of Conquest, putting itself in the same trenches as groups that receive support from the West. ‘They are Muslims, no different from us,’ said Abu Mohammed al-Jolani, the Nusra Front’s leader, in a recent interview with Al Jazeera. He also said his group had been ordered by Ayman al-Zawahri, Al Qaeda’s global leader, not to carry out foreign attacks that could disrupt the fight against Assad…” 
“Civilians living in Nusra Front areas, too, say the group has built local support, refraining from imposing Shariah when residents resisted. Meanwhile, its fighters have distributed food and fixed plumbing systems. In the village of Binnish, it recently fielded a team in a friendly soccer match against another rebel group. Nusra’s team wore fatigues in line with Islamic modesty, and it lost against players wearing shorts. ‘Nusra are not extremists,’ said an activist who attended the game... ‘They distribute leaflets at checkpoints and call people to the religion.’” 
We Need al-Qaeda”! Some of what he said was, “Could the group long considered the most lethal terrorist organization in the world be the best option left in the Middle East for the US and its allies? … [M]embers of the US-led coalition against ISIS, including Turkey and Saudi Arabia, are actively supporting al-Nusra with arms and money [indirect support, through opposition joint operations chambers and military, civilian, and local councils, and with the approval and awareness of the aid-providing countries]. … [M]uch of the Arab world is now essentially siding with AQAP in a Saudi-led war against Houthi rebels in that country. … The truth is that al-Qaeda has evolved in profound ways since the death of Osama bin Laden and the emergence of ISIS. … It also has increasingly set itself apart from ISIS in strategy and aims on battlefields in both Syria and Yemen…” 
“In this war the Arab states openly avoid bombing or attacking al-Nusra and AQAP, and in fact now provide both with financial support and weapons [indirectly, through the factions allied with them]. This is because both groups have now declared aims that are shared by the Arab states. … So al-Nusra and AQAP have become allies and not enemies of the Arab states, despite the fact that al-Qaeda itself once sought to overthrow these same regimes…” 
“Consider al-Nusra, ISIS’s primary rival in Syria. Unlike ISIS, … al-Nusra is cooperating with other anti-Assad groups and recently joined the “Army of Conquest” alliance of rebel militias in northern Syria. Moreover, in contrast to ISIS’s largely international and non-Syrian fighting force, al-Nusra’s fighters are almost wholly Syrian, making them both more reliable and more committed to Syria’s future. Meanwhile, in interviews with Al Jazeera, al-Nusra leaders have vowed not to attack targets in the West, promoting an ideology that might be called ‘nationalist jihadism’ rather than global jihad. In recent months, al-Nusra’s leaders have toned down the implementation of their own brutal version of Islamic law, while putting on hold their own plans of building a caliphate.” 
Disregarding their news and analysis, still the matter has become the opinion most proposed by the crusaders and apostates to the American administration! So when will the soldiers of the Jawlānī front repent and realize that their war against the Islamic State only serves the interests of their allies in the Sahwah Coalition that they belong to and the allies of their allies (the Crusader Coalition)? And when will the “rational minds” in al-Qā’idah repair the condition of their organization before al-Qā’idah – with all of its branches – becomes a sahwah led by its spite, envy, partisanship, and by the sorcery of the media, in the war against the revived Khilāfah? 
Yaroslav Trofimov wrote a similar piece for the Wall Street Journal on “11 June 2015” titled “To U.S. Allies, Al Qaeda Affiliate in Syria Becomes the Lesser Evil – As Islamic State gains ground, calls to reach out to the Nusra Front intensify.” In it he said, “In the three-way war ravaging Syria, should the local al Qaeda branch be seen as the lesser evil to be wooed rather than bombed? This is increasingly the view of some of America’s regional allies and even some Western officials. … The three main forces left on the ground [in Syria] today are the Assad regime, Islamic State and an Islamist rebel alliance in which the Nusra Front—an al Qaeda affiliate designated a terrorist group by the U.S. and the United Nations—plays a major role. Outnumbered and outgunned, the more secular, Western-backed rebels have found themselves fighting shoulder to shoulder with Nusra in key battlefields. As the Assad regime wobbles and Islamic State, or ISIS, gains ground in both Syria and Iraq, reaching out to the more pragmatic Nusra is the only rational choice left for the international community, supporters of this approach argue…” 
“At first, it was mostly Turkey and Qatar that aided Syrian Islamist rebels cooperating with Nusra. Regional heavyweight Saudi Arabia was more reluctant, wary of abetting al Qaeda [by supporting factions allied with the Jawlānī front]. … In recent months, however, Saudi Arabia’s new King Salman has moved to work much more closely with Doha and Ankara in supporting the Islamist-dominated rebel alliance that includes Nusra, diplomats and officials in the region say. These countries see the suffering inflicted on Syria by the Assad regime as the main reason for Islamic State’s emergence in the first place, and they prefer to see Nusra and its allies, rather than Islamic State, 
“‘Nusra has been a real magnet for young Syrian fighters who don’t have any particular jihadist or even radical sectarian agenda,’ said Frederic Hof, who served as President Obama’s envoy to the Syrian opposition … Nusra’s attempt to differentiate itself from Islamic State was clear in recent interviews that the group’s leader, Abu Muhammad al Jawlani, gave to Qatar’s Al Jazeera television network. Dressed in a plaid shirt and his face covered, Mr. Jawlani sat in a high-backed, thronelike chair once occupied by Idlib’s former governor. He fielded fawning questions during the two separate, nearly hourlong broadcasts, which were widely seen in the region as an effort by Qatar to make Nusra more attractive. While Mr. Jawlani repeated his allegiance to al Qaeda leader Ayman al Zawahiri, he said Nusra wasn’t targeting the West and made conciliatory remarks about the Christian minority…” 
“[W]ith Islamic State on the offensive, Washington is likely to go ‘pretty far’ in tolerating the budding collaboration between its regional allies and Nusra, said U.S. Navy Adm. James Stavridis, who retired two years ago as NATO’s supreme allied commander. ‘It is unlikely we are going to operate side by side with cadres from Nusra, but if our allies are working with them, that is acceptable. If you look back to World War II, we had coalitions with people that we had extreme disagreements with, including Stalin’s Russia,’ said Mr. Stavridis … ‘I don’t think that is a showstopper for the U.S. in terms of engaging with that coalition.’” 
Abū Samīr: Jawlānī visited me in the last days of December 2013 and informed me that he had been in a meeting with the “Islamic Front” and its battalions including “Liwā’ at-Tawhīd” and also some of the battalions that belong to the Free Syrian Army. He informed me that they had decided to fight the Islamic State. I said to him, “Why were you invited to this meeting?” He said, “For the issue to be proposed and discussed with me, because I am one of the sides in the arena and close to the Islamic State.” I said to him, “What was your response?” He said, “I told them I would cover the fronts against the regime.” I said, “Then that is your role!” He said to me, “How can you say I have a role to play?” So I said to him, “You are going to cover some of the battlefronts that these factions now hold in order for them to withdraw and then gather in larger numbers against the Islamic State.” This is really what happened afterwards and that was approximately 10 days after this meeting with Jawlānī on 3 January 2014.1 
In fact, I even heard Ahmad Zakkūr, one of the leaders of “Jabhat an-Nusrah,” calling Jawlānī on the walkie-talkie when he had disappeared from sight after the fighting between the Islamic State and the factions including the Free Syrian Army had begun. Zakkūr said to him, “We have to help our brothers from the factions present in the arena and stop the oppression of the Islamic State and fight against it.” 
The same thing in Idlib, in that Abū Sulaymān the Australian prevented the soldiers of “Jabhat an-Nusrah” from helping the Islamic State when the Free Syrian Army planned to attack the State’s training camp there while it was possible for them to help the Islamic State. So I sent for Abū Sulaymān the Australian and said to him, “You are able to place detachments to prevent the Free Syrian Army’s advance towards the training camp.” I was surprised the next day that the Free Syrian Army had entered the training camp after surrounding it and cutting off reinforcement lines, and had fought the soldiers of the Islamic State inside. This was the beginning of my suspicion that there was an internal plot between the Free Syrian Army and “Jabhat an-Nusrah.” 
Abū Samīr: After my examination and following of the events, I felt that there was a plot being carried out against the Islamic State with the participation of “Jabhat an-Nusrah.” So I decided to keep myself distant and move to the south. On my way, I gathered much evidence for this conclusion. From it is that I met Abū ‘Abbās ad-Darīr, who was the leader of “Jabhat an-Nusrah” for the region of ar- Raqqah. I met him in the area of Albūkamāl and asked him about the reason for his fighting the Islamic State in ar-Raqqah. He mentioned to me the whole story of how he and Ahrār ash-Shām had agreed with many of the battalions including those of Abū ‘Īsā ar-Raqqah (Liwā’ Thuwwār ar-Raqqah) 
that had pledged allegiance to “Jabhat an-Nusrah.” Abū ‘Īsā and his fighters are now present with the PKK in ‘Ayn al-Islām to fight against the Islamic State. Abū Abbās ad-Darīr said to me, “We planned to fight the Islamic State.” And when I asked him about the reason he said, “Because they killed Abū Sa’d al-Hadramī.” He tried to portray the matter as if it was a reaction from him for the killing of al- Hadramī.2 
Abū Samīr: Abū ‘Abbās ad-Darīr mentioned to me an incident that makes this apparent. He went to al-Khayr to find the reason for Abū Māriyah’s delay in sending reinforcements to fight the Islamic 2 Editor’s Note: Abū Sa’d al-Hadramī was a Syrian man who obtained some secret informa- tion about one of the important departments of the Islamic State inside Wilāyat ar-Raqqah. He took this information and gave it to some factions belonging to the Free Syrian Army and Syrian National Coalition as a “friendly gesture” to convince them into joining the Jawlānī front. When the Islamic State found out about the matter, they arrested him. Then the Sharī’ah Court examined his case and ruled that this and other deeds of his were a form of helping the kuffār against the Muslims. He was killed accordingly. Keep in mind that the soldiers of al-Hadramī – Abū ‘Īsā ar-Raqqah and his faction (Liwā’ Thuwwār ar-Raqqah) – are now with the atheist Kurds and Crusaders to fight against the Khilāfah in ‘Ayn al-Islām. 
State, as Abū Māriyah had promised him hundreds of fighters and convoys after convoys – or so he claimed – to fight the Islamic State in ar-Raqqah. When counting the youths that al-Harārī had gathered for this, it became clear that they were only sixty individuals. So Abū ‘Abbās set out with them to fight the Islamic State and on the way something happened that ruined this. One of the soldiers saw a signboard that had drawn on it the flag of the Islamic State. So he shouted, “The Islamic State will remain!” So Abū ‘Abbās stopped the convoy and said to the soldier, “What are you saying?” He said, “The Islamic State will remain. These are our brothers.” He said to him “Do you not know where you are going?” He said “I don’t know.” He said “How do you not know? You are going to fight the Islamic State. Did Abū Māriyah not tell you this?” The soldiers said, “We do not want to fight the Islamic State and we don’t agree with fighting it. They told us that we were going for ribāt at the 17th division.” This incident clearly confirmed to me the deception of the Jabhah in the eastern region of Abū Māriyah even on its soldiers to facilitate the plot and war against the Islamic State.3 
Abū Samīr: Most of the soldiers of the “Islamic” factions that fought the Islamic State at the time did not approve the war against it. I remember a situation that makes this clear. Jawlānī said to me that Ahrār ash-Shām had formed what was called “The Crisis Cell” and that it was made up of Abū ‘Alī Taybah, Abū Zayd ash-Shar’ī, Abū Jamīl Qutb, Abū Anas Sarāqib, and Abul-Khayr. I may have made a mistake with one of the names but four of them I am certain of. This “crisis cell” came and met Jawlānī. I said to him, “What was the reason for them meeting you?” He said, “They came to convince me of the kufr of the Islamic State and that it is an organization working for Iran implementing 3 Editor’s Note: This was during the beginning of the Sahwah. But after those who had a mustard seed of good in their hearts from amongst their soldiers left them and joined the ranks of the Islamic State, no one remained from their soldiers except those whose hearts soaked up the calf of irjā’ and hizbiyyah even having walā’ towards the apostates against the Muslims! 
the politics of the Rāfidah in Shām. And that they are a part of an Iranian plot.” Jawlānī claimed that he discussed this with them and said, “This is not logical.” But they were insistent and wanted, through this fatwā, to convince their soldiers into fighting the Islamic State as most of their soldiers were not convinced in fighting the Islamic State, as most of their soldiers at the time did not agree with the war against the Islamic State and had rejected such a mission. Their leaders were searching for a pretext to convince them of fighting the Islamic State, so they strived to pass the ruling of kufr on the Islamic State and named it “political takfīr.”4 
Abū Samīr: This is not correct. This mad mobilization did not come as a coincidence. I know through my experience in the field that Free Syrian Army, other battalions, and even “Jabhat an-Nusrah,” when they want to perform military action, even if it is confined, then it requires from them days and meetings to plan it out, formalize it, and agree upon the roles of each member in the matter. As for something to happen as a coincidence in a day and a night as they claimed and said and as al-Muhaysinī claimed, then it is not correct. Rather reality affirms that the events occurred through both direct and indirect cooperation amongst the West, the Free Syrian Army, and the various factions. It is not possible for all of the groups to join together at the same time and the same date against the Islamic State in this way. 
4 Editor’s Note: When the ranks became distinct from each other and the muhājirīn and ansār cooperated to implement the Sharī’ah and the deviants and the hypocrites coope- rated to fight those who ruled by the Sharī’ah, many of the soldiers of the “Islamic Front” awoke and rushed to give bay’ah to the Islamic State. As for the case now, then the con- dition of the soldiers of the “Islamic Front” is not different than that of the Jawlānī front. They compete to fight the Islamic State in defense of the other factions like their own who have resisted the Sharī’ah and entered the Sahwah Coalition. Also, this is from the many treacheries of Jawlānī. Instead of disavowing them after they proposed this fabrication to him, he told them their claim was not logical and would not be believed by the soldiers. Worse yet, he waged war against the Islamic State in cooperation with their “Islamic” front! 
this is the fitnah of the era. Allah’s law is not just a building called a “court”! The laws of Allah and His Sharī’ah are more vast and more comprehensive than this. The meaning of Allah’s Sharī’ah now has been distorted and restricted to the domain of the courts and arbitration committees. Through this, the people are being misled into believing that the law of Allah is here. Rather the law of Allah will not be except with a state and an amīr who enforces the law of Allah upon the people and leads them with the Sharī’ah.5 
I can still remember when the biggest moderate “Islamic” brigades in Syria announced the formation of what is called the “Islamic Front.” When I asked Jawlānī, “If you rejected the mission of the Islamic State and its means of ruling by Allah’s law upon the Earth and subjugating the people to it, then why do you not join the ‘Islamic Front’ and Dhawāhirī’s project?” He said, “I know the arena better than Dr. Ayman and we are not pleased with the politics and methodology of the ‘Islamic Front.’ Because of that, we informed Dr. Ayman that we will never 5 Editor’s Note: Similar to the shubhah of courts and committees is the shubhah of press statements and organization names. For example, the Shāmiyyah Front pronounced the word of kufr through the head of its political and media office, Zakariyyā Malāhifjī, at the convention for the opposition in Turkey. (We quoted his speech in the 2nd part of the “Al- lies of al-Qā’idah in Shām” series, in issue #8 of Dābiq.) But then it announces in its press statements the claim of judging by the Sharī’ah and working to establish a Sharī’ah state. But the clauses of its “shar’ī” committee are explicit in tolerating all Syrian sects without exception. So what according to these people is the fate of the Nusayrīyyah, the Druze, the Rāfidah and the Ismā’īliyyah except for nationalist brotherhood? Likewise is the case of loose titles in Shām such as “Ansār ash-Sharī’ah;” they have not applied the Sharī’ah nor have they shown hostility to any enemy for the religion’s sake, except for the enemies of the “revolution.” As for those others resisting the Sharī’ah, then they are their allies. They blow themselves up in order for the likes of “Faylaq ash-Shām” to expand and consolidate, the latter of which has proclaimed its total allegiance to Salmān Āl Salūl. Thus, they made for the tāghūt Salmān a foothold in Shām, whether they know it or not. The problem with them is that they allege adherence to the Sharī’ah but do not enforce its laws like collecting zakāh, enforcing jizyah, making the apostates repent, and establishing the hudūd, despite their ability to do so in the regions of Idblib and its countryside. 
join them.” So I told him, “Through this you are announcing a third project in the arena, so what is it? You are not pleased with the Islamic State’s mission and the enforcement of Allah’s rule on the Earth by force, nor are you pleased with the project of popular support and joining the popular base in the lands and in the arena amongst the factions. So what is this third project of yours?” He went silent and I did not get any reply from him. But then he said, “We will try to reform the popular support until it is one of sound methodology and proper political orientation.” 
letter was that Dhawāhirī called “Jabhat an-Nusrah” to join the “Islamic Front” and that he condemned the delay in joining this congregation. Thereupon I asked him about his reply, so he said, “I will not agree to this except with conditions.” I said to him, “What are they?” He said, “That Zahrān ‘Allūsh and ‘Jaysh al-Islām’ leave this formation6.” I said to him, “What else?” He said that the ‘Islamic Front’ had a structure consisting of a general director, a shar’ī supervisor, and an external political official who spoke in its name, who was Abū ‘Abdillah al-Hamwī. He did not want there to be a single official to receive foreign delegations, but instead insisted on three persons. So I told him, “Do you accept to meet politicians from the tawāghīt?” He replied, “Yes, what is wrong with that?” And he said, “Did you not witness and hear of the Taliban sitting with Pakistan and Qatar and that it opened an office in Qatar?” He wanted to quote the Taliban and their deeds so that he may subsequently do the same, especially after Dhawāhirī’s proclamation of him having a bay’ah to Mullā ‘Umar. He basically implied that if “our amīr” did this, then why can’t we do the same? 
Abū Samīr: The reality is that “Jabhat an-Nusrah” does not have a specific path or project with clear features. Because of this and in the shadow of these wicked global designs and the plot against the correct methodology as well as its followers and the attempt to lure and accommodate all the other orientations, we find today that “Jabhat an-Nusrah” effectively joined that wicked mission and immersed itself in it. The methodological infiltration of “Jabhat an- Nusrah” pushed it to surrender to regional politics and not have clarity and steadfastness in any of its stances while being in a shadow that scattered the administrative organization and blundered its planning. So the internal and external forces have thereby manipulated the “Jabhah.” 
Nusrah” is that they condemn the actions of the Islamic State and then reality forces them to act exactly the same way because there is no other way leading to consolidation than the one the Islamic State treads on. Likewise are their stances concerning the factions which they take as allies. For example, while condemning the Islamic State for pronouncing takfīr upon the “Islamic Front,” the shar’ī official Abū Muhammad (Abū ‘Abdillah ash-Shāmī) had before described the “Islamic Front” as being the “Future Hamas” (referring to the deviant methodology of Hamas and their ruling by manmade laws). And he is from the most knowledgeable people concerning their condition. This is because he used to be one of them and because three of his brothers are leaders in Ahrār ash-Shām, amongst them is his brother Abūl-Khayr who was the deputy of Abū ‘Abdillah al-Hamwī and who was killed together with him in the famous explosion. And he used to describe them as the “Future Hamas”! Jawlānī himself told me, “Ahrār ash-Shām are the Sahwāt of the future, but the Islamic State rushed too quickly into fighting them”!7 
I had once also asked Jawlānī about the Free Syrian Army after the “Jabhah” treated their wealth and weapons as halāl in Idlib, “Are you making takfīr of them?” He replied, “Yes.”8 I was not astonished at all, since we would all make takfīr of the murtadd Free Syrian Army in his gatherings. I told him, “Why is it then, that you condemn the Islamic State for its policies and how the Islamic State handled 7 Editor’s Note: Ahrār ash-Shām were “the Sahwāt of the future,” but he cooperated with them against the Islamic State! 8 Editor’s Note: This is from the betrayals of Jawlānī. He makes takfīr of the Free Syrian Army but gathers with the factions including the Free Syrian Army to plan betrayal and war against the Islamic State! Then he and his senior leaders – such as Ahmad Zakkūr, Abū Māriyah al-Harārī, Hammawdah and others – cooperate with the apostate Free Syrian Army against the Islamic State! 
Where is the responsibility of da’wah, clarification of truth, and manifesting it amongst the people? Are we not supposed to call the people to the correct creed and to liberate the Earth from the reign of tawāghīt? Isn’t the liberation of the hearts and the liberation of the people from shirk our obligation rather than deluding, using, and exploiting them for purposes and interests all so that we can compromise! This, by misguiding them and being silent about the falsehood they are upon and with flattery! “Jabhat an-Nusrah” thinks that the result of this policy is that they control the different sides in the arena of Shām but the days will prove the opposite. The precursors of these matters might already have appeared clearly by the announcement of “Jaysh al-Fath” and likewise by the Jabhah’s melting and vanishing in eastern Ghūtah and south of the capital. The events of Afghanistan after the end of the war against the Russians are not hidden from anybody who possesses insight and reason. 
Abū Samīr: Yes, certainly and I will tell you what I saw before making hijrah to the Islamic State. When I had left the Jawlānī front and then followed up on the events, I was resolved to return to the ranks of the Islamic State because of what I had seen and heard and because I am a son of the Islamic State. At that point, I went to address two persons, in order to disavow myself unto Allah  and to 
convey my witness account and what I myself experienced after I had left the Jawlānī front. I went to meet two advisors and leaders of “Jabhat an- Nusrah.” One of them – as is well-known amongst “Jabhat an-Nusrah” – is the delegate of Ayman adh- Dhawāhirī. He is the one who speaks and transmits to Dhawāhirī the course of events in the Shāmī arena. When I sat down with him in a meeting that took about 10 hours, I explained to him the history and deeds of Jawlānī, the shūrā council, and my opinion about the arena. 
He said to me, “Well, my respected brother, we know more than what you have said and we have gathered more of these grave matters than you.” So I was shocked! He said, “Yes, I have with me more than what you mentioned.” I told him, “Subhānallāh! On Judgment Day, this will be a proof against you! Well, these words that you say, what must you do concerning them? I have with me history, facts, and stories that took place between me and Jawlānī, his shūrā council, the arena, and my opinion on it, and have made a decision and settled my affair while you are saying that you know more of it than me, so what do think you should do?” He said, “Currently we are a reconciliatory board, we proceed to fix the matters you mentioned and we work on reforming this body.” I told him, “Subhānallāh! Is this a ‘coat hanger’ on which you hang your stance? Because I believe that a reformer should no doubt have a time frame or multi-stage project on which he bases that there will be reform or change. So do you see any change? Do you see yourself as able to bring about change?” 
What had made me more intense was him mentioning to me the story of the announcement of the “emirate” that Jawlānī made in his famous speech in Idlib. He did not consult with anyone in the first place, neither with Dhawāhirī’s delegate nor with those whom he trusts of those present with him. Jawlānī had called both Dhawāhirī’s delegate and al-Muhaysinī to be present for this speech which he was going to read and mention in it “something great”! They did not know what this great thing was and Dhawāhirī’s delegate told me word for word, “Jawlānī wanted to take advantage of me and make me read a speech in which I spoke 
of establishing an emirate and the like.” Then he said, “I was surprised by this because he had not consulted me and had not spoken to me about this topic before.” But al-Muhaysinī, who is not a member of “Jabhat an-Nusrah,” nor does he have a bay’ah to “Jabhat an-Nusrah” in the first place, went to speak and make a speech that was accompanied by intense enthusiasm and shouts of takbīr due to the proclamation of their alleged “Islamic emirate.” 
I told him, “How can you say that you are a part of reform and that you will proceed to reform, while you are not even consulted on this great matter?! How will you bring about change with this denial of your very presence?” He said, “Allah’s help is sought, we are trying to bring about reform.” He said this with a tone of submission and defeat. So I told him, “My noble brother, I ask you for the sake of Allah; why don’t you notify Dhawāhirī and inform him of this reality?” He replied, “Who said that I have not informed him?” 
Then I said, “Allāhu akbar! What was his response?” Then he acknowledged to me that Dhawāhirī “does not have the power to do anything”! Thereupon I made takbīr, prostrated to Allah in gratitude, and said, “Subhānallāh, if Dhawāhirī has no control, then what kind of an organization is he leading! All praise belongs to Allah, the Lord of the creation! I am innocent of an organization whose leadership has no control over it!” Thus my conviction in my abandonment of the “Jabhah” increased. It is nothing more than a bunch of gang neighborhoods. Every leader has his own neighborhood. And this is the testimony of Ayman Dhawāhirī’s delegate to me.9 
9 Editor’s Note: As for the second man whose story the brother mentioned, then he also was a member of Jawlānī’s shūrā council; he repented from what he was upon before and joined the Islamic State. He pronounced takfīr upon Jawlānī for a number of matters that he himself witnessed before leaving him. In addition, he mentioned that Jawlānī proposed in front of him a plan to attack the city of ar-Raqqah from the direction of al-Bādiyah in simultaneity with the beginning of the crusader campaign against the Islamic State in order to exploit the Islamic State’s preoccupation with the new war! 
‘Umar’s death, Akhtar (ISI) and who for years has ruled the expired “Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan” in the name of the departed Mullā Muhammad ‘Umar. And while taking advantage of Mullā released statements – both in the name of Mullā ‘Umar and the “emirate” – in support of national reconciliation with the apostate Afghan puppet regime, normalization of relations with the apostates of the Pakistani regime and army, glorification of various Arab and non-Arab tawāghīt including the American slaves Hamad Al Thani and Tamim Al Thani of Qatar, and declaring the most evil enemy of Islam – the Safawī regime of Iran – a Muslim state! He released statements upholding the principles of the United Nations, international conventions, nationalism, “modernism,” and pacifism, as well as statements disavowing both offensive and defensive jihād except for a nationalist Afghani war against the American occupational forces. He released statements supporting the legality and authority of the democratic tāghūt elections in Egypt and their electoral results. He released statements declaring the Rāfidah to be Muslims, even condemning attacks against the Rāfidah of Afghanistan.1 And through their hold on the Taliban, he and his closest accomplices – for the sake of personal gains and severe deviances and in the name of the deceased Mullā ‘Umar – waged war against the Khilāfah that ruled by the Sharī’ah and that practiced walā’ and barā’ while their Taliban “emirate” forcefully resisted the clear-cut and definite obligations of walā’ and barā’. And thus, according to Akhtar and his accomplices’ words and deeds, the Rāfidah and tawāghīt are their “Muslim brothers” whom they honor, while the Islamic State’s leaders and soldiers are “Khawārij” against whom they wage war… 
Throughout this period, the various Qā’idah branches claimed that they could not pledge allegiance to the Qurashī Khalīfah Abū Bakr al-Baghdādī (hafidhahullāh) because Mullā ‘Umar was their “utmost imām,” after years of Qā’idah leaders stating that Mullā ‘Umar was not a khalīfah but a bounded leader of a regional emirate2. This was accompanied by years of the Taliban releasing statements in rejection of any mission outside of Afghanistan. 
1 The statements can be found on the Taliban’s official website. A large selection of them were compiled and referenced in an article titled “Fādihat ash-Shām wa Kasr al-Asnām” (“The Shāmī Exposé and the Breaking of the Idols”) by Abū Maysarah ash-Shāmī. 2 This was explicitly stated by ‘Atiyyatullāh al-Lībī. It was also explicitly stated by Dhawāhirī and an-Nadhārī, but it is hizbiyyah that blinds the hearts! 
The most shaming event of 1436 – and only Allah knows best – will be recorded in history as one without precedence, except in the records of hoaxes and legends. Searching through these chronicles, one finds the closest precedent to be the myth of “Pope Joan,” a woman who supposedly fooled the pagan church into electing her as pope while disguising herself as a man. She allegedly succeeded in duping and ruling the cross-worshippers for years before being exposed and dying shortly thereafter… 
The closest other precedent would be that of the “hidden imāms” of some apostate sects including the Rāfidah who believe in the occultation of Muhammad al- ‘Askarī, the Ismā’īliyyah who believe in the occultation of Muhammad Ibn Ismā’īl Ibn Ja’far as-Sādiq, and the Druze who believe in the occultation of “al-Hākim bi Amrillāh” al-‘Ubaydī. Some of their sects even believe in reincarnations of the so-called “hidden imām” or in deputies acting on his behalf… 
reconciliation with Mujāhidīn in Khurāsān then began to openly reject the claim that Mullā ‘Umar was still alive, many of them believing he had died almost fourteen years ago, shortly after the start of the American invasion of Afghanistan in “late 2001.” More and more truthful fighters abandoned the ranks of Akhtar’s Taliban and pledged allegiance to the Khilāfah, as others began to put pressure on the Taliban leadership for evidence of Mullā ‘Umar’s life. The Taliban released another written statement fabricated with a nationalist tone and dialect in the name of the deceased Mullā ‘Umar, congratulating the Ummah on Eid al-Fitr and supporting the national Afghan the apostate regime! Pressure magnified even from Akhtar’s supporters in the Pakistani and Afghani intelligence, until he and his accomplices admitted to Mullā ‘Umar’s death. The political office of the Taliban “emirate” then announced that Mullā ‘Umar had passed away specifically on “23 April 2013.” Thereafter Muhammad Tayyib Āghā – the head of the political office and formerly one of the closest men to Mullā ‘Umar – announced his resignation and declared that he considers the concealment of Mullā ‘Umar’s death for a period of “two and a half years” to be a “historical mistake.” This was followed by a statement from Zabihullah Mujahid (official spokesman of the Taliban “emirate”), in which he admitted to their covering up of Mullā ‘Umar’s death since “23 April 2013.” 
authority being heavily disputed by large divisions of the Taliban, including those headed by Mullā ‘Umar’s son and brother, as well as those parties opposing Akhtar’s plans for national reconciliation international normalization. and Several Taliban the “Quetta Shura” in which Akhtar was “elected,” in objection to Akhtar’s authority and the legitimacy of his “shūrā.” Other leaders resigned from their positions – such as Muhammad Tayyib Āghā, ‘Azīz ‘Abdur-Rahmān, and Nek Muhammad – in protest of the hoax or in rejection of Akhtar or in pursuit of leadership! leaders left 
Yet Dhawāhirī pledged allegiance. The question that follows is, will his blind sheep in the various branches of al-Qā’idah follow suit and pledge allegiance to the infamous liar? Will they pledge allegiance to someone who rejects the fundamentals of walā’ and barā’ and speaks in the name of a dead man? Will they pledge allegiance to someone who officially dispatches political delegations to Safawī Iran and whose “emirate” names the Iranian regime an “Islamic state” and calls the Rāfidī leaders and masses “Muslim brothers”! 
If they would reflect over this hoax, this bay’ah to this con artist, and the deterioration of their different branches who have waged a media and military campaign against the Islamic State, they would fear it to be from the many just results of the mubāhalah declared more than a year ago, but sadly most of them do not think for themselves, and instead allow their personal desires and that of their blind shepherds to lead them on. 
those claiming “scholarship” wrote treatises to justify the concealment of Mullā ‘Umar’s death, not quoting the Qur’ān and the Sunnah, but the books of history about the khalaf (the generations after the Salaf) full of unverifiable events whose personalities are not even examples for the Ummah! The few examples from the Salaf they quoted and distorted involved concealment of a leader’s death only for a short time and only from a small part of the Muslim army engaged in battle, not for months and years and certainly not from the entire Ummah! 
The hizbī (partisan) “scholars” then exaggerated the ruling on lying for the sake of war and reconciliation to include lying open-endedly to the worldwide Muslim Ummah in its entirety from the far East to the distant West including all its scholars, leaders, fighters, and men, all for the sake of some loosely-defined “maslahah.” They even permitted speech to be fabricated in the name of a dead man only to prevent the unification of the Ummah under the obligation of Khilāfah and to bind it through chains of taqlīd (blind following) to the evil of hizbiyyah (partisanship)! Worse yet, these “scholars” have thereby paved the way for the masses to deny anything proclaimed to them, as this deviant precedent and its flimsy justifications means anything could be an unending lie to the entire Ummah for the sake of hizbiyyah. And who knows, perhaps some of the ignorant masses will come out and allege that Mullā ‘Umar is still alive, not dead, and then there will be a new “occultation” claim added to those of the Rāfidah and Bātiniyyah… 
More than a year ago in 1435AH, the lying Abū ‘Abdillāh ash-Shāmī of the Jawlānī front announced to the world, “I perform mubāhalah against you [the Islamic State] over your testing of people on their creeds. … Rather you test the best of people. I mean the mujāhidīn from the mujāhid factions such as the Islamic Front, Jaysh al- Mujāhidīn, and others” [Al-Mubāhalah]. He also said, “Describing the fighting taking place as a battle between the Dawlah group on one side and those who stand with Jarbā and Idrīs [two Syrian National Coalition leaders] on the other, is far from the truth. Those who carried the greatest burden of fighting against the Dawlah group in the north were the Islamic Front and Jaysh al-Mujāhidīn … As for the Islamic Front and Jaysh al-Mujāhidīn – two major players in the war against the Dawlah group – then it has not been established with us that they had fallen into apostasy, and we are more aware of their condition than the Dawlah group because of our closeness to them” [Wa Law Annahum Fa’alū Mā Yū’adhūna Bih]. 
Very quickly after this mubāhalah, “Jaysh as-Mujāhidīn” openly flaunted their relationship with the secularist Syrian National Coalition, its “interim government,” and its “ministry of defense.”1 They recently added to their deeds of apostasy by releasing a statement in which they said, “The leadership of Jaysh al-Mujāhidīn sends its condolences to Turkey, its government and people, on the murder of one of Turkey’s soldiers and citizens at the hands of the terrorist ‘Dawlah organization’ and PKK party. We in Jaysh al-Mujāhidīn announce our solidarity and complete support for the Turkish government against the terrorist ‘Dawlah organization’ and PKK party … We stand with the Turkish brothers in one trench and consider this murderous deed to be an attack against the Turkish stance in support of the Syrian people.” They did not forget to decorate their statement with the jāhilī flag of the Turkish state! 
Turkey is a member of the crusader NATO alliance. It took part in various crusader campaigns launched and led by the Americans including “Operation Enduring Freedom – Afghanistan,” “Operation Enduring Freedom – Horn of Africa” (in Somalia and its surrounding regions), and “Operation Inherent Resolve” (in Iraq and Syria against the Islamic State). The Turkish government is one that legislates, executes, and judges by manmade laws. Its army is assembled in defense of the Turkish tāghūt and their crusader allies. This government and army is one of blatant apostasy, and yet “Jaysh al-Mujāhidīn” stands in support of the Turkish government against Islam and the Muslims. Imām Muhammad Ibn ‘Abdil- Wahhāb  said 1 See pages 24-25 of issue #2 of Dābiq. 
that from the nullifiers of Islam was “backing and aiding the mushrikīn against the Muslims. The proof is the statement of Allah , {O you who have believed, do not take the Jews and the Christians as allies. They are allies of one another. And whoever is an ally to them among you – then indeed, he is one of them. Indeed, Allah guides not the wrongdoing people} [Al-Mā’idah: 51]” [Nawāqid al-Islām]. 
represents As for the “Islamic” Front, then “Ahrār as-Shām” the largest bloc in this divided front. The Jawlānī front leadership has strived hard to portray the group as being “Islamic” and even “jihādī,” but the recent statements of its official leadership can only embarrass the jihād claimants of the Jawlānī front. In reality, a cold media war is being fought between the two over their love of leadership and pride in opinions, and as its ice melts, the two sides will begin to dispatch their security cells to silently target each other’s leadership with IED’s and silencers, that is if this hasn’t already 
embarrassed Yes, since the launching of the Syrian Sahwah, the Jawlānī front strived hard to portray “Ahrār ash-Shām” as being “mujāhidīn,” until the Jawlānī front and its “ideologues” sitting back in the shade of the Jordanian tāghūt were by shameless articles released by Labib al-Nahhas – Foreign Affairs Director at “Ahrār ash-Shām.” His most recent piece3 was released on “21 July 2015” via the crusaders of the British “Telegraph” and is titled “I’m a Syrian and I fight Isil every day. It will take more than bombs from the West to defeat this menace.” In it he said: 
“In recent days Prime Minister David Cameron signalled a possible change of the Government’s policy towards armed intervention in Syria. He said that the UK should ‘step up and do more’ in the fight against Isil in Iraq and Syria. That’s all fine and well. In Ahrar Al- Sham we have lost 700 of our fighters in battles against IS since January 2014, and we and our allies are holding a 45km front line against Isil in Aleppo. We know what it is like to confront the menace of Isil. … We believe that Isil is not only a security or military threat but a social and ideological phenomena that needs to be confronted on multiple levels and that requires a national Sunni alternative to both Assad and Islamic State.” 
“Ahrar Al-Sham, as a mainstream Sunni Islamist group deeply rooted in the revolutionary landscape, is forging that alternative. But those expecting a ‘perfect’ Sunni alternative according to Western liberal standard are sure to be disappointed. As we should all know by now, political systems and models of government cannot be imported into the Middle East and expected to flourish where historical experiences, political cultures and 
“It is an undeniable fact that throughout the last four years the Turkish government and the Turkish people have supported the Syrian people and their revolution in every way imaginable. This support was extended despite the threats that have arisen to Turkey’s national security and the enormous internal and external pressure that the Turkish government has come under. Turkey has remained steadfast in its ethical and humanitarian position towards our people and our revolution. This wise and responsible position has made Turkey the most important ally of the Syrian revolution and has opened up new avenues of common interests between two peoples, whether on the internal or regional fronts. The latest avenue of common interests is standing up to Daesh. Daesh has proven to be the biggest disaster to have befallen the revolution as well as being a real threat to Turkey’s security and stability. The sectarian policies of Bashar Assad and the foolish policies of Daesh have turned Syria into an arena for international conflict and proxy wars. This has effected the security of the allies of the Syrian people. While maintaining the principled position on rejecting of foreign dictates and tutelage, there is now a reality that must be dealt with in accordance with the principles of the common good and the long-term interests of the country as a whole.” 
“Based on the comprehensive vision of Ahrar Al-Sham Islamic Movement towards the internal and regional scene, and acting in accordance with the interests of the Syrian people and its allies in any political or military matter, and believing strongly in the need for Sunni solidarity in the face of the Iranian threat, we believe that the announcement of Turkey’s intention to establish a safe zone in the north of Syria is a matter that serves the interest of the Syrian people. The safe zone will have positive repercussions on the humanitarian, political and military levels, the benefits of which will be felt by both countries. The safe zone is also a necessary measure 
to bolster Turkey’s national security and to stop in its tracks terrorist or secessionist plans by Daesh and the PKK. … The safe zone in the north of Syria will help refugees return to their homes and the plots of the enemies of the revolution to be foiled. Ahrar al-Sham Islamic Movement therefore fully supports the safe zone with the help of Turkey and the political and military cooperation of Armed Revolutionary Groups. We take this opportunity to stress the unbreakable bond and the common destiny of the Syrian and the Turkish peoples and underscore the need for the strategic ties with Turkey to become the cornerstone for a common approach to tackling current and future challenges.”4 
Thereby, “Ahrār ash-Shām” has extended its hand flagrantly to the apostate regime and army of Turkey and nominated itself to be their agents in Syria. So will the jihād claimants in the Jawlānī front repent from apostasy and pronounce barā’ah from their closest ally whom their leaders had once considered “the Sahwāt of the future”? Or will the slippery slope of “excuses” dictated by hizbiyyah continue to make them fall until they fight under the banner of the greatest fitnah – al-Masīh ad-Dajjāl – for the sake of leadership, partisanship, and deviance?5 
4 Note that in the statements of the various Sahwah factions they claim to care for the people of Shām while knowing that the airstrikes plotted to form the Turkish “safe zone” will target the mujāhidīn of the Khilāfah, the harshest warriors against the Nusayrī forces. These factions also use the atheist PKK as an excuse to fight under the banner of the Tur- kish tāghūt but forget that they themselves had all forged truces and agreements with the apostate PKK in Halab, some of these agreements even entailing the sharing of power to administer PKK-controlled territories. The most famous agreements in Halab with the PKK were signed by the Ahl ash-Shām Operations Room and the Shāmiyyah Front. These agreements included “Jaysh al-Mujāhidīn” and “Ahrār ash-Shām” as members. If they were truly worried about the atheist PKK as they now claim, then rather than signing truces with them, they would have waged war against them like the Islamic State has done. 5 More recently, Robert Ford (former US ambassador to Syria) wrote an article titled “Yes, Talk with Syria’s Ahrar al-Sham,” in which he strongly proposed direct US cooperation with “Ahrār ash-Shām” against the Islamic State, after almost two years of indirect cooper- ation through the tawāghīt. This was followed by an article in the “Daily Beast” titled “Deal with Devils – Petraeus: Use Al Qaeda Fighters to Beat ISIS,” in which the idea of David Petraeus (former commanding general of the crusaders in Iraq and co-founder of the Iraqi Sahwah) in cooperating with the Jawlānī front against the Islamic State was publicized. This was followed by the lying Abū ‘Abdillāh ash-Shāmī justifying his cooperation with the various Sahwāt of Turkey, America, and the Gulf tawāghīt based on the claim one could not pronounce takfīr upon these factions due to excuses he fabricated for the Sahwāt regard- ing their cooperation with the crusaders and apostates! He then lied and claimed that the Islamic State had itself “cooperated” with Turkey and he used as his “proof” the prisoner exchange in which 46 Turkish prisoners were exchanged for almost 200 muhājirīn! Is this “cooperation” or fulfulling the obligation of striving for the release of Muslim prisoners! He made his shameful lie knowing very well that the apostate Turkish regime and army are part of NATO and the American-led crusade against the Islamic State and that Turkey partakes in the imprisonment of muhājirīn and together with America strikes positions of the Islamic State in Halab for the sake of the Sahwāt allied to the Jawlānī front, sometimes even positions in favor of the Jawlānī front itself! One can only say to him, “If you are shameless, then do as you please” [Reported by al-Bukhārī from Abū Mas’ūd]. Ash-Shāmī can lie as much as he pleases, but the truth is too clear. When will the Sahwah sheep wake up and realize they are ultimately serving the interests of the crusaders? 
Yet Muslims today are discouraged by the so-called “Salafī” or even “Salafī Jihādī” claimants from approaching the Qur’ān and the Sunnah without blinding goggles limiting them to the desires of contemporary “scholars” from amongst those supporting the tawāghīt or those sitting back amongst their women in the shades of the tawāghīt. Was this deviant intermediary a condition for understanding the religion before? Was it ever a prerequisite for jamā’ah? 
Know that it is undeniably a trait of the people of deviance to remain divided without having a single imām. For this reason, Ahlus-Sunnah are called Ahlus-Sunnah wal- Jamā’ah, meaning they follow the Sunnah and adhere to the Muslim body embodied in the khilāfah and its imām while distancing themselves from the deviant sects and the mutinous parties. As for contemporary “Ahlus- Sunnah,” then they replaced the concept of Jamā’ah with a deviant interpretation of shūrā more akin to democracy ballot boxes than the shūrā of the Khulafā’ ar-Rāshidīn. 
Imām Muhammad Ibn ‘Abdil-Wahhāb  said, “These are matters in which the kitābī and illiterate people of the Jāhiliyyah opposed Allah’s Messenger . The Muslim cannot afford to be ignorant of these matters, for by the opposite of good, good becomes manifest. And through the opposite of matters, matters become distinct … The second of these matters [after major shirk] is that they are divided about their religion, as Allah  said, {But 1 See, for example, “Kitāb al-Ahkām” of al-Bukhārī and “Kitāb al-Imārah” of Muslim. 
Allah  revealed the Qur’ān and the Sunnah to our Prophet Muhammad  so that mankind would study them and practice them. This was the religion of Islam that was conveyed by the Messenger  to his Companions , which they conveyed to the generations thereafter. Islam was preserved in the Qur’ān and the Sunnah, and the Sunnah was preserved in the books of hadīth. If a Muslim with understanding of the Arabic language picked up the Qur’ān, or Sahīh al-Bukhārī, or Sahīh Muslim, he would not require encyclopedic knowledge to be able to understand and practice his religion overall, for learning its basics was facilitated for him by Allah . He made tawhīd and īmān from the simplest matters that any layman could understand. Similarly is the case of many definite rulings of Islam, including the obligation to unite in one body, appoint a single leader, and hear and obey him, as the proofs in the Sharī’ah and the evidences inside the creation are so many that a person with a sound fitrah, even if he were mostly ignorant, would not be able to overlook this obligation. 
the people divided their religion among them into sects – each faction, in what it has, rejoicing} [Al-Mu’minūn: 53]. They are also divided about their dunyā and they consider this good. So he  came with unity regarding the religion with Allah’s statement, {He has ordained for you of religion what He enjoined upon Nūh and that which We have revealed to you, and what We enjoined upon Ibrāhīm and Mūsā and ‘Īsā – to establish the religion and not be divided therein} [Ash-Shūrā: 13]. Allah  also said, {Indeed, those who have divided their religion and become sects – you have nothing to do with them} [Al-An’ām: 159]. He also prohibited us from being like them with Allah’s statement, {And do not be like the ones who became divided and differed after the clear proofs had come to them. And those will have a great punishment} [Āl ‘Imrān: 105]. He also prohibited us from dividing about the dunyā with Allah’s statement, {And hold firmly to the rope of Allah all together and do not become divided} [Āl ‘Imrān: 103]. The third of these matters is that they considered disobeying the person in authority and refusing to yield to him a virtue. They considered hearing and obeying him humiliation and disgrace. Allah’s Messenger  opposed them and ordered his companions to be patient with the injustices of the rulers2. He ordered them to hear and obey them and give them sincere advice. He was severe about this, expressed it, and repeated it. These three matters he  gathered together in the hadīth reported by al-Bukhārī and Muslim, ‘Allah is pleased with three matters for you, that you worship Him and not associate anything with Him in worship, that you hold to the rope of Allah together and not divide, and that you sincerely advise those whom Allah gives authority over you.’ No calamity occurred in the people’s religion and dunyā except by violation of these three principles or some of them” [Masā’il al-Jāhiliyyah]. 
He  also said, “From the most amazing things and greatest signs showing the power of Allah  are six principles that He  made very clear more so than what the doubtful people think. Thereafter, many of the ‘intelligent’ people of the world and ‘wise’ men of mankind erred about these principles, except for a very few. … The second principle [after the obligation of tawhīd and prohibition of shirk] is that Allah ordered with unity regarding the religion and prohibited division within it. Allah clarified this with clear and conclusive evidence that the laymen can understand. He prohibited us from being like those who divided before us and thus were destroyed. He also mentioned that He ordered the Messengers with unity regarding the religion and 2 He refers to Muslim rulers who rule by the Sharī’ah but commit injustices, not rulers who apostatize by legislating, executing, or judging by manmade laws, nor rulers who have walā’ to the crusaders against the Muslims. 
prohibited them from division within it. What makes this clearer is what the Sunnah came with of amazing teachings in this regards. Then the matter changed until division over the fundamentals and branches of the religion became ‘knowledge’ and ‘fiqh of the religion’! And then no one called to the obligation to unite regarding the religion except for a ‘zindīq’ or ‘madman’! The third principle is that the fulfillment of unity is by hearing and obeying he who has been granted authority over us even if he might be an Ethiopian slave. Allah clarified this prevalently and sufficiently through various kinds of shar’ī and qadarī evidences. It then became the fundamental not known to most of the claimants of knowledge. What then of acting in accordance with this matter!” [Six Great Beneficial Fundamentals]. 
And although jamā’ah is from the most obvious of obligations with even the fitrah of many animals being inclined to it, the modern claimants of Islam argue that it is better for the Ummah to have religious and political pluralism! They prefer that Ahlus-Sunnah tolerate the various sects of bid’ah and even apostasy who claim to belong to the Muslim Ummah. They also wish that Ahlus-Sunnah would permit the existence of deviant, warring, and selfish political parties and militant factions on the liberated Muslim lands! They made taqlīd (blind following) of their partisan, evil “scholars” an essential aspect of “religion.” And through this, they propagated the “virtue” of division and denounced the “evil” of jamā’ah in their campaign against the revived body of Islam, the Khilāfah. How wicked are the deviant parties and corrupt “scholars”! 
Therefore know – may Allah have mercy upon you – that the major basis for the religions of the Jāhiliyyah was taqlīd. After Imām Muhammad Ibn ‘Abdil-Wahhāb  mentioned the first three aspects of their religion (shirk, religious division, and political disunity), he said, “The fourth matter is that their religion is based upon principles, the greatest of which is taqlīd. It is the major principle for all the kuffār, the first of them and last of them, as Allah  said, {And similarly, We did not send before you any warner into a city except that its affluent said, “Indeed, we found our fathers upon a religion, and we are, in their footsteps, following”} [Az-Zukhruf: 23]. He  also said, {And when it is said to them, “Follow what Allah has revealed,” they say, “Rather, we will follow that upon which we found our fathers.” Even if Shaytān was inviting them to the punishment of Hellfire?} [Luqmān: 21]. So he  came to them with Allah’s statement, {Say, “I only advise you of one thing – that you stand for Allah, [seeking truth] in pairs and individually, and then give thought.” There is not in your companion any madness. 
He thereafter goes on detailing various kinds of taqlīd that the people of Jāhiliyyah practiced. He  said, “From their biggest principles is to be dazzled by the majority. They use this as evidence to claim something is correct. They also claim something is false by its strangeness and lack of followers. So he came to them with the opposite of such. Allah clarified it in more than one place in the Qur’ān.3 They also use the people of the past as proof, as described in Allah’s statement {[Fir’awn] said, “Then what is the case of the former generations?”} [Tāhā: 51]. {“We have not heard of this among our forefathers”} [Al-Mu’minūn: 24]. They also use as proof a people who were given strength in intellect, feats, kingship, wealth, and honor. Allah rejected this by His statement, {And We had certainly established them in such as We have not established you, and We made for them hearing and vision and hearts. But their hearing and vision and hearts availed them not from anything when they were rejecting the signs of Allah; and they were enveloped by what they used to ridicule} [Al-Ahqāf: 26]. They also claim something is false due to no one following it except the weak. {“Should we believe you while you are followed by the lowest [class of people]?”} [Ash-Shu’arā: 111], {“Is it these whom Allah has favored among us?”} [Al-An’ām: 3 For example, {And even if We had sent down to them the angels and the dead spoke to them and We gathered together everything in front of them, they would not believe unless Allah should will. But most of them are ignorant} [Al-An’ām: 111]. 
53]. So Allah responded with His statement, {Is not Allah most knowing of those who are grateful?} [Al-An’ām: 53]. They follow the sinful scholars and worshippers. So he  came to them with Allah’s statement, {O you who have believed, indeed many of the scholars and the monks devour the wealth of people unjustly and avert them from the way of Allah} [At-Tawbah: 34] and with Allah’s statement, {“Do not exceed limits in your religion beyond the truth and do not follow the inclinations of a people who had gone astray before and misled many and have strayed from the soundness of the way”} [Al-Mā’idah: 77]. They also claim the religion is false due to its small amount of followers and their lack of intellect, as in their statement {“simple-minded”} [Hūd: 27]. They use as evidence incorrect qiyās, as in their statement, {“You are not but men like us”} [Ibrāhīm: 10]. They also reject correct qiyās.4 What links this matter to the former is that they do not understand the difference between the inclusive and the distinctive. They go to extremes in their love and imitation of the scholars and righteous, as described in Allah’s statement, {O People of the Book, do not commit excess in your religion or say about Allah except the truth} [An- Nisā’: 171]. All the preceding is based upon a principle of negation and affirmation: They follow their desires and doubts and abandon what the Messengers came with” [Points 5-14 of “Masā’il al-Jāhiliyyah”]. 
Know also that the taqlīd of the jāhilī people was not towards pious scholars or scholarly worshippers, but 4 They rejected many of the logical proofs for ulūhiyyah and resurrection, for example, {And We have sent down blessed rain from the sky and made grow thereby gardens and grain from the harvest and lofty palm trees having fruit arranged in layers – as provision for the servants, and We have given life thereby to a dead land. Thus is the resurrection} [Qāf: 9-11]. 
rather, as Imām Muhammad Ibn ‘Abdil-Wahhāb said, “Their religious leaders were either corrupt scholars or ignorant worshippers, as described in Allah’s statement, {A party of them used to hear the words of Allah and then distort the Tawrāh after they had understood it while they were knowing} [Al-Baqarah: 75] to His statement, {And among them are unlettered ones who do not know the Book except in wishful thinking, but they are only assuming} [Al-Baqarah: 78]” [Masā’il al-Jāhiliyyah]. 
He  also described this condition by saying, “The fourth principle is clarifying what knowledge and fiqh is, who the scholars and fuqahā’ are, and who attempts to resemble them but is not truly from them. Allah  has clarified this principle in Sūrat al-Baqarah in His description of Banī Isrā’īl [Al-Baqarah: 40-121]. What makes this clearer is what the Sunnah clarified on this matter with many clear and apparent words that the most simple layman can grasp easily. This principle then became the strangest of matters. ‘Knowledge’ and ‘fiqh’ became bid’ah and deviation; the ‘best’ thing they could do is confuse the truth with falsehood for others. Now no one utters the knowledge that Allah  obligated upon the creation and praised except a ‘zindīq’ or ‘madman’! And the person who denounces it, holds enmity towards it, authors warnings against and condemnations of it, became the ‘faqīh’ and ‘scholar’! The fifth principle is that Allah clarified who His awliyā’ are, and made them distinct from those who attempt to resemble them from amongst His hypocritical and corrupt enemies. One āyah in Sūrat Āl ‘Imrān is sufficient in clarifying this, {Say, “If you should love Allah, then follow me, Allah will love you”} [Āl ‘Imrān: 31], and one āyah in Sūrat al-Mā’idah, {O you who have believed, whoever of you should revert from his religion 
– Allah will bring forth [in place of them] a people He will love and who will love Him who are humble toward the believers, powerful against the disbelievers; they strive for the cause of Allah and do not fear the blame of a critic} [Al-Mā’idah: 51], and āyāt in Sūrat Yūnus, {Unquestionably, there will be no fear for the allies of Allah, nor will they grieve. They are those who believed and were fearing Allah} [Yūnus: 62-63]. Then – according to the claimants of knowledge who claim to be guides for the creation and preservers of the Sharī’ah – the matter became that the awliyā’ must abandon following the Messengers, and whoever follows the Messenger is not from the awliyā. They must also abandon jihād, and whoever performs jihād is not from them. They must also abandon īmān and taqwā, and whoever commits to īmān and taqwā is not from them. Our Lord, we ask You forgiveness and wellness. You are the hearer of du’ā’” [Six Great Beneficial Fundamentals]. 
follow jamā’ah otherwise And similarly the claimants of Islam today require that Muslims blindly follow corrupt scholars and ignorant worshippers and reject the obligation of they are “Khawārij”! They ask the Muslims to those “scholars” who abandoned jihād in an era where jihād is fard ‘ayn. They ask the Muslims to follow those “scholars” who are silent about the evils of rulers who are tawāghīt not merely tyrannical. They even ask the Muslims to follow those “scholars” who call to deviance and apostasy and who side with the crusaders and apostates against the Muslims! Is it not the obligation to hate these “scholars” for Allah’s sake and boycott them until they repent? 
of these people or aid them in their sin, and those who abandon jihād, the deed without which there is no good for the people, as he should be punished by boycott because he does not help the Muslims in piety and righteousness. So the fornicators, the sodomites, the abandoners of jihād, the people of bid’ah, and the drunkards, these people and the mingling with them is harmful for the religion of Islam. There is no cooperation them not upon righteousness nor upon piety. Whoever does not boycott them has abandoned a commanded deed and committed a censured action” [Majmū’ al-Fatāwā]. from 
Ibnul-Qayyim  said, “Those who have a background with what Allah sent His Messenger  and with what his Companions were upon realize that most of those famous for their religiosity are actually the least religious. Allāhulmusta’ān. What religion and what good are in a person who sees Allah’s sanctuary violated, His limits disregarded, His religion abandoned, and the Sunnah of His Messenger  turned away from, while his heart is cool and tongue is silent? He is a mute devil just as the one who speaks with falsehood is a speaking devil. Is the calamity of the religion from anyone but these who if their food and positions are safe, then they care not what happens to 
Accordingly, how can one take as role models the effeminate males – the abandoners of jihād? Or the mute devils silent about the tawāghīt, in whose shade they rest with their wives? If it is wrong in general to blindly follow a pious scholar or knowledgeable worshipper, is it not more wrong to follow the sinful devils! Why then does the Muslim not turn to the basic teachings of the Qur’ān and the Sunnah and apply them as they should be applied without making these “scholars” a barrier from him joining the Jamā’ah of the Muslims, the Khilāfah? 
Imām Muhammad Ibn ‘Abdil-Wahhāb said, “The sixth principle is to reject the doubt fabricated by Shaytān to make the people abandon the Qur’ān and Sunnah and follow the divided and inconsistent opinions and desires. This doubt is the claim that the Qur’ān and Sunnah cannot be understood except by an absolute mujtahid. And the mujtahid according to them is the person described with so many traits, which perhaps do not exist altogether in Abū Bakr and ‘Umar ! And if the person is not so, then it is ‘undoubtedly’ and ‘unquestionably’ a ‘mandatory obligation’ for him to turn away from the Qur’ān and Sunnah! As for the person who seeks guidance from the Qur’ān and Sunnah, then he is either a ‘zindīq’ or ‘madman’ due to the difficulty in understanding them! Glory and praise be to Allah! Allah  greatly and clearly refuted this accursed doubt from numerous angles through the Sharī’ah, the Qadar, the creation, and the command, until it reached the level of essential, common knowledge, but most of the people do not know. {Already the word has come into effect upon most of them, so they do not believe. Indeed, We have put shackles on their necks, and they are to their chins, so they are with heads [kept] aloft. And We have put before them a barrier and behind them a barrier and covered them, so they do not see. And it is all the same for them whether you warn them or do not warn them – they will not believe. You can only warn one who follows the message and fears the Most Merciful unseen. So give him good tidings of forgiveness and noble reward} [Yāsīn: 7- 11]” [Six Great Beneficial Fundamentals]. 
After this, every person should destroy the various idols that were erected inside the hearts by the “jihādī” muqallidīn in an attempt to inhibit the growth of the Khilāfah. Every deviant statue should be defaced until emulation is of Allah’s Messenger  alone and bay’ah is to the Qurashī Imām alone. No hizbī idol should become an obstacle for the Muslim upon his path towards the Khilāfah. May Allah guide the truthful to the truth and expose the hypocrisy of the hypocrites. 
the religion? The best of them is he who tries to be sad and barely opens his mouth. If he were to be disputed over something that pains him of his honor or wealth, he would exert, strive, and use all three levels of denunciation to the best of his ability. These people, in addition to them falling from the eye of Allah and Allah hating them, have been afflicted in the Dunyā with the greatest affliction possible while not realizing it, that is the death of the heart, because the more the heart is alive, the stronger the anger for Allah and His Messenger is and the more complete the rush to support the religion is” [I’lām al-Muwaqqi’īn]. 
He  also said, “The religion is not merely abandoning the open sins, rather, in addition to that, it is carrying out the orders loved by Allah. Most of those claiming to be religious disregard from the religion everything except what the laymen have common with them. As for jihād, commanding the good, forbidding the evil, being sincere towards Allah and His Messenger, sincerely advising His slaves, and supporting Allah, His Messenger, His religion, and His book, then these deeds do not come to their mind, never mind wanting to do them, never mind actually doing them. The least religious of people and the most hated by Allah are those who abandon these deeds even if they have zuhd towards all the Dunyā. It is rare that you find one of them having his face change and turn red for Allah’s sake, get angry for His sanctuary, and exert himself in support of His religion. The people of major sins are better in Allah’s sight than these people” [‘Uddat as-Sābirīn]. 
As the Hour approaches, it becomes important to reflect upon the fabricated accounts of future events, as they will undoubtedly play a role in actions taken up by various deviant sects. Of these accounts is that of the “Mahdī” of the Rāfidah who wages war against Islam and the Muslims, contrary to the just and rightly guided Mahdī of the future described in the Sunnah. The closer the Hour approaches, the more the Rāfidah fall in line with the Jews in preparation for the appearance of this awaited evil leader. Upon reading the Rāfidī account of the “Mahdī,” it becomes clear that he is none other than the Dajjāl. 
According to the Rāfidah, the “Mahdī” is the so-called son of al-Hasan al-‘Askarī named “Muhammad.” Al- Hasan al-‘Askarī died almost 1200 years ago. They claim Muhammad the “Mahdī” was born around the time of his father’s death. The scholars of Ahlus-Sunnah doubt that al-Hasan al-‘Askarī ever had any surviving sons, yet the Rāfidah claim he had a son who was hidden by his father or his relatives and who ultimately went into hiding near Sāmarrā’ and would reappear before the Hour after living in hiding more than a thousand years, or so they claim. Here, we will quote some of the narrations about their “Mahdī” from their “most authoritative”1 books. 
The Rāfidī an-Nu’mānī reports in his book “Al- Ghaybah,” “When the Imām [the ‘Mahdī’] calls out, he will supplicate Allah through His Hebrew name.” 1 Authenticity is something impossible for a lying Rāfidī to ever achieve, as they are infa- mous for being the greatest liars of the creation. But despite the blatant fabrication of their narrations, they act in accordance to the false beliefs they hold, just as the Jews will follow the Dajjāl about whom they fabricated claims, while claiming that the Dajjāl is the Messiah. 
In the book “Al-Kāfī,” the Rāfidī al-Kulaynī titled a chapter with the following: “Chapter: When the Imāms Emerge They Will Rule by the Laws of David and the Family of David.” He then reported that Ja’far as-Sādiq said, “When al-Qā’im [the ‘Mahdī’] from the family of Muhammad emerges, he will rule by the Law of David and Solomon.” In another report, Ja’far as-Sādiq said, “The world will not end until a man from my offspring rules by the Law of David.” Al-Kulaynī also reported that Ja’far as-Sādiq was asked, “By what law will you rule?” He responded, “By the Law of the House of David.” 
The Rāfidī al-Majlisī reports in “Bihār al-Anwār” that Ja’far as-Sādiq said, “Al-Qā’im will deal with the Arabs in accordance with the red code.” He was asked, “What is the red code?” He responded by passing his finger over his neck to indicate killing. Al-Majlisī also reported that Ja’far as-Sādiq said, “Fear the Arabs, for they have an evil future. Indeed, not a single of them will follow al-Qā’im when he emerges.” 
only begin his killings by killing Quraysh. He will not accept from them anything but war and he will not offer them anything but the sword.” An-Nu’mānī also reports that Ja’far as-Sādiq said, “When al-Qā’im from the family of the Prophet emerges, he will bring five hundred people from Quraysh and strike their necks. He will then bring five hundred more and strike their necks. He will do so six times [thereby killing three thousand men from Quraysh]. He will kill them and their patrons.” He also reports that Ja’far as-Sādiq2 said, “When al-Qā’im emerges, nothing will be between him and both the Arabs and Quraysh except the sword.” 
Also consider that the Dajjāl will emerge from the region of the Khawārij as in the hadīth reported by Ibn Mājah from Ibn ‘Umar . And also consider that those who deny Qadar are from the followers of the Dajjāl as in the hadīth reported by Abū Dāwūd from Hudhayfah . This is important for two reasons, the Rāfidah are from the biggest Khārijī sects. They and the other Khawārij have a common root in the Jew ‘Abdullāh Ibn Saba’, who partook in the mutiny against the righteous Khalīfah ‘Uthman . For this reason, some of the scholars have also referred to the Khawārij as “Saba’iyyah.”3 In 2 Note that Muhammad al-Bāqir, Ja’far as-Sādiq, and al-Hasan al-‘Askarī  were not Rā- fidah. They were from the family of the Prophet  just as ‘Alī, Fātimah, al-Hasan, and al-Husayn  were from the family of the Prophet . And just as the Rāfidah fabricated lies in the name of ‘Alī and his immediate family , they fabricated lies in the name of his noble descendants . 3 The closeness of the Rāfidah to the other Khawārij is visible in the walā’ between Iran 
addition, the Rāfidah are infamous for pronouncing takfīr upon the majority of the Ummah including the best of the Ummah – the Companions of the Prophet  – rejecting the authority of the khulafā’, even cooperating with the Crusaders and the Tatars against the khulafā’ and their Muslim subjects. The Rāfidah have a history of massacring Muslims who refuse Rāfidī beliefs. This became most manifest during the Safawī empire (“1501- 1736CE”) and its war against Ahlus-Sunnah in Persia. Finally, the Rāfidah are one of the sects of Qadariyyah, as they deny that good and evil deeds are by Allah’s qadar. 
Hence the apostate Rāfidah combined between major shirk (worship of the family of the Prophet ), denial of the Qur’ān and the Sunnah (as they claim the Companions  fabricated the religious texts), takfīr of the Companions  and the Mothers of the Believers , and belief in the deviant innovations of the Khawārij and Qadariyyah. When reflecting upon this and the fact that the Jews await their so-called Messiah – as the Jews deny the messengership of Jesus , who will return before the Hour – it is expected that the Rāfidah will ally blatantly with the Jews in the future in their war against Islam and the Muslims.4 
and Oman. Oman is ruled solely and populated mostly by the Ibādiyyah. The Ibādiyyah are historically a deviant Khārijī sect; but over the last centuries they have mutated into an apostate Jahmī sect. Their tāghūt “sultan” legislates manmade laws and has walā’ to the Crusaders, the Arab and non-Arab tawāghīt including Āl Salūl, and the Rāfidah. 4 Although it is not possible to know with certainty how exactly such will come about, it is interesting to note that 340 Jewish American rabbis recently wrote a letter addressed to the American congress in support of American-Iranian reconciliation, as reported by “I24News” (a Jewish news channel) on “18 August 2015” in an article titled “Hundreds of US Rabbis Voice Support for Iran Nuclear Deal.” The report adds that the Jewish Defense Forces Military Intelligence Directorate’s Research Department presented its stance to the political leadership of the Jewish state and “emphasized the possible benefits that could come of the deal.” 
The past year has seen a number of high-profile race- related incidents dominate the headlines in America, bringing the topic of racism back into the spotlight across the country, and like most other major issues that take center stage in the crusader media, racism does not go ignored by the Muslim minority living in the lands of kufr. Their “leaders” address the issue with an effort to give the topic an “Islamic” flavor, but typically fall short. When tackling the issue from such a perspective, “Islamic” preachers and writers often do so with humanistic undertones that seek to portray Islam as a religion of peace that teaches Muslims to coexist with all. Deluded by the open-ended concept of “tolerance,” they cite numerous āyāt and ahādīth that – rightfully so – serve to demonstrate that racial hatred has no place in Islam, but they do so for the purpose of advancing an agenda that attempts to “Islamize” more “liberal” concepts that the kuffār apply across the board for achieving evil, such as political pluralism, freedom of religion , and acceptance of sodomites. In doing so, these “du’āt” seek to encourage the kāfir societies they live in to be more accepting of them, rather than meeting the enmity of the mushrikīn with hatred and disavowal. They forego the concept of walā’ and barā’ (loyalty and disavowal for the cause of Allah), not bothering to educate their readers of the Muslim’s obligation to reject kufr, separate himself from the kuffār, abandon their lands, harbor enmity and hatred towards them, and wage war against them until they submit to the truth. 
The example of Ibrāhīm  and those with him – meaning the prophets of Allah, as mentioned by the scholars of tafsīr – which was praised by Allah as being an excellent example for us to follow, is for one to be prepared to reject his own people when they fall into kufr and shirk, and not to remain attached to them on account of tribal or blood ties. If this is the case with one’s own people with whom a common lineage is shared, how much more so in the case of those with whom one shares nothing more than a superficial characteristic such as skin color! 
The mufassir of the Ummah, ‘Abdullāh Ibn ‘Abbās  said, “Love for the sake of Allah, hate for the sake of Allah, make allegiance for the sake of Allah, and make enemies for the sake of Allah, for the wilāyah (loving guardianship) of Allah is not attained except by this. One will not find the taste of īmān, even if his prayer and fasting is great, until he is like this” [Reported by Ibn al- Mubārak in “Az-Zuhd” and by al-Lālikā’ī]. 
This statement of Ibn ‘Abbās echoes that made by the Prophet  when declaring walā’ and barā’ to be the strongest bond of faith. Al-Barā’ Ibn ‘Āzib  said that they were sitting with the Prophet  when he  asked, “What bond of Islam is the strongest?” They said, “The prayer.” He  said, “It is good, but it is not it.” They said, “The zakāh.” He  said, “It is good, but it is not it.” They said, “Fasting Ramadān.” He  said, “It is good, but it is not it.” They said, “The hajj.” He  said, “It is good, but it is not it.” They said, “Jihād.” He  said, “It is good, but it is not it. Indeed, the strongest bond of Islam is to love for the sake of Allah and hate for the sake of Allah” [Reported by Imām Ahmad and others]. 
It was this principle – the strongest and most firm bond of Islam – that led Abū Bakr as-Siddīq  to spend an enormous quantity of wealth in order to purchase the Ethiopian slave Bilāl  and set him free. When Bilāl’s owner Umayyah ridiculed Abū Bakr at the conclusion of the transaction stating that he would have sold him for one tenth of the price they’d agreed on, Abū Bakr retorted that if Umayyah had demanded ten times the agreed price he would have paid it. Years later, Abū Bakr and 300 other Arabs would march forth in the Battle of Badr alongside the former Ethiopian slave striking the necks of their own people. That day would be referred thereafter as the Day of Furqān, the day that Allah divided between truth and falsehood at the hands of a people who slay and imprison their own people for the cause of Allah. No day before it made it more clear that all past affiliations were broken, leaving only one bond remaining – the bond between a believing Muslim and 
And if one were to have any doubt that this firm bond is upheld by the soldiers and leaders of the Islamic State, they could simply look to 1400 Rāfidah massacred by their fellow Iraqis and Arabs, or the countless spies dispatched to the Islamic State by the various nations of the world only to be executed by their fellow countrymen. Here in the Islamic State, all affiliations are null and void when they conflict with one’s allegiance to Islam and the Muslims. So the Syrian mujāhid doesn’t hesitate to trample on the Syrian flag, and the American mujāhid doesn’t think twice about setting fire to the “star-spangled banner.” The muhājirīn and ansār have recognized that their strength is in their unity upon tawhīd, not in any racial affiliations. 
Indeed, the pan-Arabism of the Baathist regimes – including those of Bashar, Saddam, and Nasser – is beneath the feet of the Arab mujāhidīn of the Khilāfah, amongst whom are those who traveled as far as Khurāsān to sacrifice their blood and their wealth for the cause of Allah, and to defend their non-Arab brothers when the Russians first invaded several decades ago, and once more when the Americans invaded in “2001.” Muslims from all over the Arab world likewise abandoned their homes, families, and comfortable lifestyles to answer the call of jihād in places as far away and obscure as the forests of Chechnya, the mountains of Bosnia, and the deserts of Mali. Their readiness to sacrifice for the sake of Allah to defend their non-Arab brothers is exemplified in the words of Shaykh Abū Mus’ab az-Zarqāwī who once stated, “We perform jihād so that Allah’s word becomes supreme and the religion becomes completely for Allah. {And fight them until there is no fitnah and [until] the religion, all of it, is for Allah} [Al-Anfāl: 39]. Everyone who opposes this goal or stands in the path of this goal is an enemy to us and a target for our swords, whatever his name may be and whatever his lineage may be. We have a religion that Allah revealed to be a scale and a judge. Its statement is decisive and its judgment is not amusement. It is the kinship between us and the people, for our scales – by Allah’s grace – are divine, our laws are Qur’ānic, and our judgments are upon the prophetic tradition. The American Muslim is our beloved brother, and the kāfir Arab is our despised enemy even if he and we were to have shared the same womb” [Al-Mawqif ash-Shar’ī Min Hukūmat Karazay al-’Iraq]. 
Today, non-Arab Muslims come to the lands of the Khilāfah in the heart of the Arab world from all corners of the earth and are received by their Arab brothers with enthusiasm, so they can stand together and wage war against the tawāghīt, both Arab and non-Arab alike. Their fierce loyalty towards one another is rooted in their īmān in Allah and their disbelief in the tāghūt, and is exemplified in the following words of their amīr, the Khalīfah of the Muslims, Shaykh Ibrāhīm Ibn ‘Awwād al-Husaynī. 
“O Muslims everywhere, glad tidings to you and expect good. Raise your head high, for today – by Allah’s grace – you have a state and khilāfah, which will return your dignity, might, rights, and leadership. It is a state where the Arab and non-Arab, the white man and black man, the easterner and westerner are all brothers. It is a khilāfah that gathered the Caucasian, Indian, Chinese, Shāmī, Iraqi, Yemeni, Egyptian, Maghribī (North African), American, French, German, and Australian. Allah brought their hearts together, and thus, they became brothers by His grace, loving each other for the sake of Allah, standing in a single trench, defending and guarding each other, and sacrificing themselves for one another. Their blood mixed and became one, under a single flag and goal, in one pavilion, enjoying this blessing, the blessing of faithful brotherhood. If kings were to taste this blessing, they would abandon their kingdoms and fight over this grace. So all praise and thanks are due to Allah. Therefore, rush O Muslims to your state. Yes, it is your state. Rush, because Syria is not for the Syrians, and Iraq is not for the Iraqis. The earth is Allah’s. {Indeed, the earth belongs to Allah. He causes to inherit it whom He wills of His servants. And the [best] outcome is for the righteous} [Al-A’rāf: 128]. The state is a state for all Muslims. The land is for the Muslims, all the Muslims” [A Message to the Mujāhidīn and the Muslim Ummah in the Month of Ramadān]. 
Indeed, racism is a tool of Shaytān, which, like nationalism, is intended to divide and weaken the children of Ādam and prevent them from uniting upon the truth. For just as nationalists would never wage jihād beyond their borders to spread Islam to the corners of the earth and wipe out shirk, likewise racists would not be inclined to disavow any members of their race except for those whom they deem “self-hating,” let alone fight them for the sake of raising high the word of Allah. The Muslim, however, does not accept the Ummah remaining divided in the name of petty concepts, for he recognizes that the only acceptable line of division is that which separates between a Muslim and a kāfir, whereas any other course of division would only be a source of weakness. 
It’s important to note that the forces of kufr and apostasy have understood that they are further weakened when divided. As such, they regularly hasten to set aside their differences for the sake of waging war against the truth, for just as Shaytān incites the children of Ādam to split and divide along racial, ethnic, and tribal lines in order to divert them from maintaining the firm bond of walā’ and barā’, so too does he incite them to set aside such petty differences for the sake of uniting them in waging war 
{Indeed, those whom the angels take [in death] while wronging themselves – [the angels] will say, “In what [condition] were you?” They will say, “We were oppressed in the land.” The angels will say, “Was not the earth of Allah spacious [enough] for you to emigrate therein?” For those, their refuge is Hell – and evil it is as a destination. Except for the oppressed among men, women and children who cannot devise a plan nor are they directed to a way – For those it is expected that Allah will pardon them, and Allah is ever Pardoning and Forgiving} [An-Nisā: 97-99]. 
Although the obligation of hijrah is clear, a mistake is regularly committed by claimants of Islam, and that is in choosing their destination for “hijrah.” They always choose the lands of the Christians for their destination. But after the establishment of the prophetic state, hijrah was to al- Madīnah not al-Habashah. And during the Umawī and ‘ Abbāsī rule, hijrah was to the lands of the khilāfah not Rome and Constantinople. And with the revival of Islam’s state, hijrah is to the wilāyāt of the Khilāfah, not to Nusayrī, Rāfidī, Sahwah, or PKK territory, nor to America, Europe, and their tāghūt allies. 
Hijrah is an obligation from dārul-kufr to Dārul-Islām. Ibn Qudāmah, for example, said, “Chapter on Hijrah: Hijrah is to abandon dārul-kufr for Dārul-Islām.” He then quoted the verses referenced earlier and other proofs. He then said, “The ruling of hijrah will remain and will not cease until Resurrection Day” [Al-Mughnī]. Ibnul-Qayyim  said that “if the laws of Islam are not 1 See also pages 28-29 of issue #8 and pages 25-34 of issue #3. 
implemented somewhere, it is not Dārul-Islām” [Ahkām Ahl adh-Dhimmah]. This is evident, as the Sahābah did not consider the lands overcome by the false prophets or the resistance against zakāh to be anything but dārul-harb. The fuqahā’ after them did not consider the lands ruled by the Tatar or ‘Ubaydī rulers to be Dārul-Islām, for although these rulers claimed Islam and ruled by some of its laws, they committed apostasy by abandoning some of its laws or teachings. Accordingly, moving to the lands of Āl Salūl or the Sahwāt is not hijrah, as the rulers of these lands – in addition to them allying with the crusaders and apostates against Islam – abandon and resist many of the laws of the Sharī’ah. There is no wālā’ and barā’ there except on a nationalist basis. 
Sadly, some Syrians and Libyans are willing to risk the lives and souls of those whom they are responsible to raise upon the Sharī’ah – their children – sacrificing many of them during the dangerous trip to the lands of the war- waging crusaders ruled by laws of atheism and indecency. Although most of these families leave from dārul-kufr – Sahwah, PKK, or regime territory – to the crusaders’ lands, the possibility of families leaving the Khilāfah for America or Europe in pursuit of the Dunyā is a matter that should bring focus to the ruling of abandoning Dārul- Islām for dārul-kufr. 
Therefore, it should be known that voluntarily leaving Dārul-Islām for dārul-kufr is a dangerous major sin, as it is a passage towards kufr and a gate towards one’s children and grandchildren abandoning Islam for Christianity, atheism, or liberalism. If one’s children and grandchildren don’t fall into kufr, they are under the constant threat of fornication, sodomy, drugs, and alcohol. If they don’t fall into sin, they will forget the language of the Qur’ān – Arabic – which they were surrounded by in Shām, Iraq, Libya, and elsewhere, making the return to the religion and its teachings more difficult. 
quoted above as well as in the discussion between Salamah Ibn al-Akwa’  and al-Hajjāj on becoming a Bedouin after hijrah [Reported by al-Bukhārī and Muslim], in addition to other ahādīth and āthār, returning to the desert as a Bedouin is referred to with the word root of “riddah.” Ibn al-Athīr commented, “They [the Salaf] used to consider the person who after his hijrah returns to his homeland without excuse like a murtadd” [An-Nihāyah]. This is probably because such a person – in some regards – forsakes aspects of Islam including hearing, obeying, jamā’ah, jihād, masājid, etc. 
‘ Alī Ibn Abī Tālib  said, “Indeed, the major sins are seven.” The people were noisy, so he repeated his statement three times and then said, “Will you not ask me about them?” They said, “O Amīrul-Mu’minīn, what are they?” He replied, “Shirk, murder, defaming the chaste woman, taking the wealth of the orphan, taking ribā, fleeing from battle, and going back to the desert as a Bedouin after hijrah” [Reported by at-Tabarī in his tafsīr]. 
Going back to dārul-kufr is certainly a major sin that can reach the level of apostasy if it entails, for example, voluntarily moving to a land where the person will be forced into kufr, as the excuse of coercion is not valid when the individual brings this condition upon himself. Similarly is the case if he agrees to stipulations of kufr – such as cooperating with the kuffār against the Muslims – so as to be permitted entry into dārul-kufr. This is kufr even if he does not go through with his promise. {Have you not considered those who practice hypocrisy, saying to their brothers who have disbelieved among the People of the Book, “If you are expelled, we will surely leave with you, and we will not obey, in regard to you, anyone – ever; and if you are fought, we will surely aid you.” But Allah testifies that they are liars. If they are expelled, they will not leave with them, and if they are fought, they will not aid them. And [even] if they should aid them, they will surely turn their backs; then [thereafter] they will not be aided} [Al-Hashr: 11-12]. And there are many other acts of kufr that one can potentially fall into when travelling to dārul-kufr. 
And so, for the sake of clarification, in these pages of history we briefly present a list of militants1 and even “mujāhidīn” who fell into blatant apostasy by either siding with the crusaders or the tawāghīt against the mujāhidīn or entering into the religion of parliaments and tāghūt presidencies. Thereafter, one should not be surprised when he sees the various factions in Shām or elsewhere siding with the Sahwah, the tawāghīt, or the crusaders, against the Islamic State. 
Abdul Rasul Sayyaf (former head of the “Islamic Union for the Liberation of Afghanistan,” now a member of the tāghūt parliament), Burhanuddin Rabbani (former head of the “Islamic Society of Afghanistan,” died chairman of the Afghan High Peace Council), and Ahmad Shah Massoud (former military commander, died commander of the “United Islamic Front”), were all former leaders of the major factions that fought against the communist Russians and thereafter against the communist Afghans. All three fought alongside ‘Abdullāh ‘Azzām and were formerly praised by him in his speeches and letters. After the collapse of the communist Afghan regime, they together along with others established the so-called “Islamic State of Afghanistan” in “1992.” This “state” would later organize the “United Islamic Front for the Salvation of Afghanistan” AKA the “Afghan Northern Alliance,” which fought on behalf of the crusaders and tawāghīt, this becoming most manifest after the blessed operations of September 11th. 
Abdullo Nuri (former head of the “Islamic Renaissance Party of Tajikistan”) fought against the communists of Tajikstan. Amīr Khattāb of Chechnya  himself came to Tajikistan for jihād and fought alongside various groups there, including those allied with Nuri. Nuri’s group later signed a peace treaty with the communist apostates. The party then became a major member of the tāghūt parliament, thereby apostatizing from Islam. 
Abdelhakim Belhadj (Abū ‘Abdillāh as-Sādiq), Abdel Wahab Qaid (Abū Idrīs al-Lībī), Abdel-Hakim al- Hasidi, Sāmī Mustafā as-Sā’idī (Abul-Mundhir as- Sā’idī), were all former members of the “Libyan Islamic Fighting Group” whose leadership was based in Afghanistan before September 11th and whose fighters executed numerous operations in Libya against the tāghūt Gaddafi and his apostate regime. Many of these leaders had once accompanied Shaykh Usāmah Ibn Lādin  in Afghanistan. After the collapse of the Taliban emirate, the leaders of the “Libyan Fighting Group” were captured by the crusaders and later handed over to and released by the crusader puppet Gaddafi. These former jihād leaders would later join the tāghūt parliament and partake in the shirkī elections after fighting in the war against the tāghūt Gaddafi in “2011.” 
Ali Bapir (former head of the “Islamic Group in Kurdistan”), Mahmoud al-Mashhadani (a former shar’ī2 and top leader in Ansār al-Islām), Sa’dūn al- Qādī Abū Wā’il (former shar’ī head of Ansār al-Islām), Muhammad Husayn al-Jubūrī Abū Sajjād (a former leader of Ansār al-Islām), Amīn as-Sab’ Abū Khadījah (former head of the “Islamic Army”), Abul-‘Abd of al-‘Āmiriyyah (a former commander of the “Islamic Army”), Abū ‘Azzām at-Tamīmī (a former leader in the “Islamic Army”), Muhammad Hardān Abū Sa’īd (former head of the “Army of Mujāhidīn”), and Haqqī Ismā’īl ash-Shūrtānī (a former commander of the “Army of Mujāhidīn”). These various leaders took part in the jihād in Iraq. Ali Bapir took part in the jihād against the tāghūt Saddam and the murtadd peshmerga before the American invasion of Iraq. Once the American invasion began, he cooperated with the crusader-backed peshmerga against the mujāhidīn in Kurdistan and then joined the tāghūt parliament. The other figures all took part in the jihād against the American crusaders before some of them ended up in crusader prisons and formed an agreement with the Americans to halt the war against the crusaders only to wage war solely against the “Khawārij.” They were subsequently released and convinced their various parties and subordinates to partake in this treachery.3 This was the first Iraqi Sahwah whose blatant apostasy al-Qā’idah and even Dhawāhirī himself warned against on several occasions before Dhawāhirī becoming a pawn in the hands of the Syrian Sahwah. 
Mohamed Abu Samra, Kamal Habib, Nabil Na’eem, Karam Zuhdī, Abbud al-Zumar, Tarek al-Zumar, Nājih Ibrāhīm, Usāmah Hāfidh, ‘Āsim ‘Abdil-Mājid, ‘Isām Dirbālah, ‘Abdul-Ākhir al-Ghunaymī, and Usāmah Rushdī were all former leaders of the “Egyptian Islamic Group” or the “Egyptian Jihad Group.” Both groups had performed jihād against the tāghūt and murtadd forces of Egypt. All of these leaders renounced their former beliefs and partook in the Egyptian elections after the fall of the tāghūt Mubarak by forming and supporting political parties including the “Building 
Akhmad Kadyrov, Ramzan Kadyrov, Akhmed Zakayev, Ilyas Akhmadov, Sulim Yamadayev, Ruslan Yamadayev, and Dzhabrail Yamadayev were all former nationalist, militant leaders who fought in the First Chechen War against the same Russian crusaders whom Amīr Khattāb and Shamil Basayev  also fought against. Akhmed Zakayev and Ilyas Akhmadov later backed the Western crusaders in the media against the mujāhidīn. The others all sided militarily with the Russian crusaders against the mujāhidīn in the Second Chechen War. They essentially became a Chechen Sahwah. 
will be your position?” He responded, “Even if the communist party wins the elections, I will respect the desire of the Palestinian people.” He was then asked, “If it becomes clear from the elections that the Palestinian people want a democratic multi-party state, what will be your position then?” He responded, “Wallāhi, we are a people with dignity and rights. If the Palestinian people express their refusal of an Islamic state, then I will respect and glorify their desire and wish” [Ahmad Yāsīn adh-Dhāhirah al-Mu’jizah – Ahmad Ibn Yūsuf: 116, 118]. 
The various leaders and branches of Hamas have claimed to be performing “jihād” against the Jews for years. The reality though is this militia is a nationalist entity actively adopting democracy as a means of change since “2005.” It entered in municipal, presidential, and legislative elections, partaking in the legislation and execution of manmade laws. This democratic ideology was propagated by its leadership even before “2005” since the days of Ahmed Yassin. He was asked in an interview, “The Palestinian people want a democratic state. Why do you oppose this?” He replied, “I also want a democratic multi-party state in which authority is for those who win the elections.” He was then asked, “If the communist party wins the elections, what 
As the soldiers of the Khilāfah continue waging war on the forces of kufr, we take a glimpse at a number of recent operations conducted by the mujāhidīn of the Islamic State that have succeeded in expanding the territory of the Khilāfah or simply terrorizing, massacring, and humiliating the enemies of Allah. These operations are merely a selection of the numerous operations which the Islamic State has conducted on various fronts across many regions over the course of the last two months. 
Wilāyat Najd – On Thursday, Ramadān 29, our brother Abū ‘Umar an-Najdī set out on a mission armed with an explosive belt and an assault rifle. He first targeted and killed his uncle, Colonel Rāshid Ibrāhīm as-Sufayyān, who served in the Interior Ministry of Āl Salūl, and then made his way towards al-Hā’ir Prison. He detonated his explosive belt at the checkpoint for one of the prison’s entrances and succeeded in killing and wounding at least 15 murtadd policemen. May Allah accept him amongst the shuhadā’. 
Wilāyat Dayālā – On Friday, Shawwāl 1, in revenge for the Rāfidī massacre of Ahlus-Sunnah in al-Hawījah in Wilāyat Karkūk, an istishhādī operation was carried out by our brother Abū Ruqayyah al-Ansārī with a vehicle carrying three tons of explosives. He targeted a gathering of Rāfidī militia fighters near the Rāfidī temple “ar-Rasūl al-A’dham,” and detonated his vehicle in their midst, killing and wounding more than 180 of them and creating extensive damage at the site of the explosion. May Allah accept our brother amongst the shuhadā’. 
Wilāyat Halab – On Tuesday, Shawwāl 26, a unit of Islamic State inghimāsiyyīn carried out an attack on the Abul-‘Abbās base in the city of Māri’ where a number of murtaddīn from the Shu’aytāt Sahwah who had fled from Wilāyat al-Khayr were present. The inghimāsiyyīn, by Allah’s grace, succeeded in killing everyone inside the base, with the number of dead reaching 50. They then made their way towards another group of Sahwah murtaddīn inside the city, attacking them and detonating their explosive belts in their midst, killing and wounding dozens of them. Amongst those killed were a number of Sahwah leaders, including ‘Abdul-Karīm Ziyād al-Khatīb, Muhammad Samīr Haraybilah, Husayn Muhammad ‘Abdullāh Hāfidh, Yūnus Sharīf, Mamdūh Mustafā ‘Abbās, and Husayn Farrūh. 
Wilāyat al-Anbār – On Thursday, Dhul-Qa’dah 12, in revenge for our brother Abū Rādī al-Ansārī, the amīr of the region of Jazīrat al-Khālidiyyah who was killed in the battles in the region of al-Bū ‘Īthah, 6 soldiers of the Khilāfah set out with four explosive vehicles and two medium-caliber machine guns towards the main operations base north of ar-Ramādī in the region of at- Tarrāh located near ath-Tharthār. The six inghimāsiyyīn were Abū Hamzah al-Ghazzāwī, Abud-Dardā’ at-Tūnusī, Abū Muqātil al-Almānī, Abū Muhammad al-Jazrāwī, Abul-Fārūq ash-Shāmī, and Abū Anas at-Tājīkī. They succeeded, by Allah’s grace, in reaching their targets and detonating their vehicles, blowing up the murtaddīn’s base and killing and wounding dozens of officers and soldiers, including the murtadd Major General ‘Abdur- Rahmān Abū Raghīf, the deputy commander of Anbār operations, as well as the murtadd Brigadier General Safīn ‘Abdul-Majīd, commander of the 10th Division. May Allah accept our brothers amongst the shuhadā’. 
Wilāyat Salāhuddīn – The soldiers of the Khilāfah have succeeded in reasserting their control over the majority of the city of Bījī. Recent months saw large areas of the city and its surrounding regions falling to the murtaddīn due to the intense level of airstrikes carried out by Crusader warplanes. The mujāhidīn, however, remained entrenched in the city, withstanding and repelling one Safawī advance after another while launching frequent assaults of their own, culminating in a major operation dubbed “The Battle of Shaykh Abū Khattāb ash-Shayhāwī (may Allah accept him).” The mujāhidīn succeeded in driving back the murtaddīn and reclaiming all areas of the city that they had lost, with the Safawiyyīn subsequently withdrawing from the region and leaving numerous weapons behind to be taken as ghanīmah. 
Egypt – On Thursday, Dhul-Qa’dah 5, the soldiers of the Khilāfah targeted the murtadd Egyptian national security agency building in the region of Shubral-Khaymah in the heart of Cairo by detonating a car bomb next to the building thereby inflicting the tāghūt with losses in their property and personnel. The operation was carried out in revenge for the shuhadā’ of the battle of ‘Arab Sharkas and all of the shuhadā’ of the Muslims. 
Wilāyat Halab – The past month has seen a major advance by the Islamic State in the Halab countryside towards the Sahwah stronghold of Māri’. In a campaign dubbed “The Battle to Free the Prisoners,” the soldiers of the Khilāfah succeeded in capturing a number of villages in the region surrounding Māri’, including the villages of Harbal, Harjalah, Umm Hawsh, al-Wahshiyyah, Tallālayn, Shaykh ‘Īsā, Kaljabrayn, and Sandaf, as well as the Māri’ grain silos. With the city of Māri’ surrounded on three sides, the soldiers of the Khilāfah have tightened the noose on the Sahwah factions allied to the crusaders and tawāghīt. 
Wilāyat Halab – The soldiers of the Khilāfah, by Allah’s grace, succeeded in capturing several buildings inside the Kuwayris military airbase in a major operation that took place on the morning of Sunday the 24th of Shawwāl. The operation began with our brother Abū ‘Abdullāh ash- Shāmī carrying out an istishhādī attack with an explosive tank targeting a building inside the airbase in which Nusayrī soldiers were entrenched. This was followed by a second istishhādī attack with an explosive vehicle, after which a unit of Islamic State inghimāsiyyīn advanced forward. The soldiers of the Khilāfah clashed with the murtaddīn as Nusayrī warplanes heavily bombarded their positions, and the gun battles ended with the mujāhidīn taking control of several buildings inside the airbase. The successful operation is part of a larger campaign to capture the Kuwayris military airbase in its entirety. May Allah accept our istishhādī brothers amongst the shuhadā’. 
[On Thursday the 21st of Shawwāl, an istishhādī operation was conducted by the soldiers of the Khilāfah in Wilāyat al-Hijāz. Our brother Abū Sinān an-Najdī (may Allah accept him) targeted the Āl Salūl Emergency Task Force, which plays a major role in detaining the muwahhidīn, thereby securing the rule of the tawāghīt and their crusader masters. He succeeded in penetrating multiple layers of security and entering one of their training camps in the city of Abhā in the region of ‘Asīr where he detonated his explosive belt, killing and wounding dozens of them. The following are his final words which were released in an audio statement, containing a message to the enemies of Islam, as well as a message to his brothers fighting for the cause of Allah.] 
Allah  also said, {You will not find a people who believe in Allah and the Last Day having affection for those who oppose Allah and His Messenger, even if they were their fathers or their sons or their brothers or their kindred. Those – He has decreed within their hearts faith and supported them with spirit from Him. And We will admit them to gardens beneath which rivers flow, wherein they abide eternally. Allah is pleased with them, 
My first message is to Āl Salūl. By Allah, we have come to you with the sons of Abū ‘Ubaydah. By Allah! By Allah! You will not enjoy safety and security, and you will not have a comfortable life as long as you wage war against Islam and the Muslims and remain as tails of the West, which plays around with you as it pleases. Your coalition with the Majūs and the Crusaders against Ahlus-Sunnah in Iraq and Shām is the biggest witness against you. 
And as for you, O soldiers of the tāghūt who serve to secure his throne, by Allah, you will not enjoy a pleasant life as long as you serve as guards for the one whose planes, together with the West, bomb our brothers, and as long as you serve as his minions, imprisoning our brothers and sisters, waging war against Ahlus-Sunnah and making peace with the Rāfidah. So receive glad tidings of that which will ruin your lives. 
Sell your lives to Allah, the Mighty and Sublime. Strike with istishhādī operations and explosive belts! These istishhādī operations have proven their benefit and have produced their fruits. Their benefit has become widespread, and they have become a source of calamity and destruction for the crusaders and their corrupt supporters, and they are more harmful than rifles and machine guns. They have planted terror in their hearts, so much so that the enemies of Allah are now afraid of everything and wait for death to come to them from every direction. In addition to that, they result in the least amount of loss out of all the shar’ī methods of fighting, while at the same time being the most effective. This is the advice that I wished to convey to my brothers in the Peninsula of Muhammad . 
He grew up in an environment rampant with crime and corruption, but despite that, he never went through a period of jāhiliyyah. He was raised as a practicing Muslim from his childhood. Through the Muslims living around him, he learned of Amīr Khattāb and other mujāhidīn of the Qawqāz region early on. From then on, he always had an inner longing to become a mujāhid. As a young adult he was very active in giving da’wah to youngsters in his neighborhood, and also performed Hajj at a relatively young age to draw closer to Allah . This led to him being nicknamed “Hajjī” (something he did not request, but which was part of the Turkish culture surrounding him). Everyone knew him by this name and people loved him because he would give each individual the respect he deserved. While pursuing his studies in engineering, he witnessed the injustice and oppression of the Nusayriyyah against Ahlus-Sunnah in Shām, which led him to abandon his studies and emigrate to Shām without delay. 
al-Baghdādī Upon arriving in Shām prior to the announcement of the Islamic State, he joined the group “Majlis Shūrā al- Mujāhidīn,” which at the time was led by Abūl-Athīr (hafidhahullāh) and his brother Abū Muhammad al-‘Absī  and which subsequently gave bay’ah as a group to Amīrul-Mu’minīn Abū Bakr (hafidhahullāh). Since then, he spent his life in ribāt and qitāl on the frontlines. He performed ribāt against Asad’s soldiers in Khāntūmān as well as Līrāmūn and together with the soldiers of the Islamic State he repelled their advance on Kafr Hamrah. He thereafter went to as-Sikak (the railroads) for ribāt and while there, a German brother named 
From I’zāz they continued fighting their way towards the city of al-Bāb, where he also performed ribāt. Upon their arrival in al-Bāb he was posted with the other German brothers at the Fārūq Dam (formerly the “Tishrīn” Dam), where they participated in the liberation of Sirrīn as well as the silos there which were formerly under the control of the filthy PKK and Liwā’ Thuwwār ar-Raqqah. Thereafter, he went with his brother to al-Khayr to fight against the Sahwah factions and the Shu’aytāt tribe. 
But a few days later, after the other German brothers with him had either been injured or killed, he as well finally reaped what he was yearning for – shahādah for the cause of Allah. It happened during a major assault by the soldiers of the Islamic State on the atheist Kurdish factions, during which the coalition planes would come to assist these factions. Thus, the brother was buried a second time under the rubble. After having received shahādah, the PKK atheists dragged his body out of the debris and presented him to the world as if they were the ones who had killed him as well as many others. But Allah knows the reality of their false claims, and our killed soldiers are in the gardens of Paradise while their dead soldiers are in the dungeons of Hellfire. 
Indeed, when Allah obligated jihād for His cause upon his male slaves and placed a tremendous reward in it not found in other duties, some women became jealous and envious. So the Mother of the Believers, Umm Salamah  asked the Prophet , according to the hadīth of Mujāhid, “O Messenger of Allah, the men go out to battle and we do not go out to battle…” So Allah  revealed: {And do not wish for that by which Allah has made some of you exceed others} [An-Nisā’: 32], as reported by at- Tirmidhī and others. 
Thawbān said, “When the revelation concerning silver and gold came down, they said, ‘So what wealth should we seek to possess?’ ‘Umar said, ‘I will find out for you.’ He then rode quickly on a camel and reached him while I was on his heels. So he said, ‘O Messenger of Allah, what wealth should we seek to possess?’ He said, ‘Let one of you possess a thankful heart, a tongue that remembers Allah, and a wife that helps him in the matter of the Hereafter’” [Hasan: Reported by Imām Ahmad and Ibn Mājah]. 
May my father, mother, and myself be sacrificed in defense of Allah’s Messenger, who was bestowed with comprehensive speech: “A wife that helps him in the matter of the Hereafter,” the Hereafter, the important matter, the ultimate goal, and the concern of the intelligent, discerning believer. How eloquent is the statement of the woman who said to her spouse when she saw him worried one day, “Why are you sad? Is it because of the Dunyā, then Allah has finished decreeing it. Or is it because of the Hereafter? In which case may Allah increase you in worry!” 
husband is one whom the world today agreed upon waging war against. My sister, do you know who the mujāhid is? A man who turned his back on the Dunyā and went out seeking his death so that the Ummah may live. And I think that on the day he came forward to marry you, if he was not a mujāhid then, he was a mujāhid in the making. At the very least, you were aware of his methodology and creed, and you knew what type of life he sought to live. And if he was a deviant sitting back from jihād at the time, he has repented to Allah, and Allah is more joyed by the repentance of His slave than a man who wakes up and finds his camel next to him after losing it in the desert! So why do we find some of the mujāhidīn’s wives complaining about their lives? If she hears of an imminent battle that he will be in, she gets angry. If she sees him putting on war armor, she gets upset. If he goes out for ribāt, she gets in a bad mood. If he returns late, she complains. O my sister, who deluded you and told you that the life of jihād is one of comfort and ease? Do you not love jihād and its people? Please listen. Indeed you are in jihād when you await the return of your husband patiently, anticipating Allah’s reward, and making du’ā’ for him and those with him to attain victory and consolidation. You are in jihād when you uphold your loyalty to him in his absence. You are in jihād when you teach his children the difference between the truth and falsehood, between right and wrong. Indeed, you, my precious sister, are today the wife of a mujāhid, and tomorrow you might be the wife of a shahīd, or an injured fighter, or a prisoner – so how ready is your supply of patience and steadfastness? If you are discontent and complain in times of ease and comfort, how will you be in times of hardship and affliction?! Will you be patient if he returns to you being carried with his blood pouring, or do you want your husband only when he is well? 
Ibn Kathīr  said, “The scholars of tafsīr and history, as well as others, said that Ayyūb  was a wealthy man who possessed many different types of wealth, including livestock, slaves, cattle, and ample land in the region of al-Buthaynah in the land of Hūrān. And Ibn ‘Asākir narrated that all of it belonged to him and that he had sons and many relatives. Then he was bereaved of these things altogether and his body was afflicted with various illnesses and no healthy organ remained in him except for his heart and his tongue, with which he remembered Allah b, and throughout all that he was patient, anticipating reward from Allah and remembering Allah b day and night. His illness was so long, that even his friends and companions deserted him. He was expelled from his land and cast onto a garbage heap outside of it. The people cut ties with him and none remained having 
mercy on him except for his wife. She would uphold his rights and acknowledge his history of good behavior towards herself as well as his compassion for her. Thus, she would frequent him, tend to his affairs, help him take care of his needs, and look out for his interests. Her condition became weaker and her wealth depleted until she served people for money in order to feed him and take care of his sustenance, may Allah be pleased with her and make her pleased. She was patient with him in what happened to them of loss of money, children, and what she specifically endured, including her being afflicted through her husband, the harsh financial situation, and having to serve the people after having enjoyed happiness, comfort, service, and security. And to Allah we belong and to Him we will return” [Al-Bidāyah wan-Nihāyah]. 
Ibn Kathīr  then said, “As-Suddī said that Ayyūb’s flesh fell off until nothing remained except for the bones and nerves. His wife used to come to him with ash, spreading it under him. Then, when this went on for a long time, she said, ‘O Ayyūb, if you would call upon your Lord He would surely relieve you.’ So he said to her, ‘Indeed I lived seventy years in good health. Shall I not at least be patient for Him for seventy years, and yet I consider this to be little for Him.’ She became distressed by that speech. She used to serve the people for money and feed Ayyūb . After that, the people would not employ her because of their knowledge that she was Ayyūb’s wife, fearing that something of his affliction might strike them 
or that she might infect them due to her being in his company. Therefore, when she could not find anybody to employ her, she set out to sell one of her braids to some of the daughters of nobles for food. Then she came to Ayyūb with it, so he asked her, ‘From where did you get this?’ and refused it. She said, ‘I worked in the service of people for it.’ On the next day, she did not find anybody to work for so she sold her other braid for food. Then she came to him with it and he refused it as well, swearing not to eat it until she informed him from where she got the food. Thereupon, she removed her scarf from her head. When he saw her head shaven, he said in his du’ā’, {“Indeed, adversity has touched me, and You are the Most Merciful of the merciful”} [Al-Anbiyā’: 83]’” [Al- Bidāyah wan-Nihāyah]. 
Such was the wife of the Prophet of Allah, Ayyūb, may blessings and peace from our Lord be upon him and upon our Prophet and upon all the Messengers. She remained patient in the face of her husband’s affliction and endured, and she never gave up on him when his Lord afflicted him. My sister in religion, remember the statement of Allah , {Indeed, the patient will be given their reward without account} [Az-Zumar: 10]. 
before the distant ones in this Dunyā? Nevertheless, the wife’s desertion is the most bitter and hardest. Imagine, O Muslimah, O wife of a prisoner, O you who claimed one day that you divorced your worldly life three times, imagine him staying in his narrow, dark dungeon with a wandering mind, and a sad smile rises on his face. Maybe he was thinking of you and his children at that moment and of when the ordeal would end and when Allah would join him with you? A mixture of memories and hopes comes, nothing breaks it except the call of the prison guard and his detested voice mixed with the sounds of the door creaking while he opens it. “So-and-so, you have a visitor.” So he hastens to exit with his heart racing. He sees you from afar so his injured heart smiles – this is based on the assumption that you two were not able to perform hijrah to the Islamic State, so he gave bay’ah from where he was and waged jihād in his land, and that there is no fear of evil in visiting him. He reaches you and gives you salām, and begins by asking about your situation and the loved ones. So you reply to him briefly, while you are troubled today, unlike your usual self. Your words come out sporadically and rightly so… You should stammer and be tense, rather you should wish that the ground beneath your feet splits open to swallow you before you are able to state what you’ve come to say! “Forgive me, but I want divorce, for my patience has run out.” Yes, just like that, and with every bit of simplicity. Then you depart and leave that man sitting in front of you stunned and confused. My Muslim sister, did you see the wall that separates between the two of you? Did you see those chains that bind him? All the torture that he has seen since he was imprisoned, and all the bitterness that he drank is nothing compared to your overbearing decision, and we seek refuge with Allah from the subjugation in prison by men! 
I recall now one of these sisters as she came to take my counsel about requesting divorce from her imprisoned husband due to her family’s pressure on her and her son. However, after days it reached me that she herself could not tolerate hardship, that she wanted divorce, and that her family were not involved in this issue at all. Some people might say this is her right if she fears for herself. So I tell them, yes this is her right, but between this right and patience are levels and meanings which none comprehends except for souls made of pure gold, that don’t change in the face of adversity and difficult circumstances! 
My Muslim sister, this is about a sister whose husband is a prisoner, so what if he were killed? It is narrated in “Al-Bidāyah wan-Nihāyah” from Ismā’īl Ibn Muhammad Ibn Sa’d Ibn Abī Waqqās that he said, “The Messenger of Allah  passed by a woman from Banī Dīnār whose husband, brother, and father were injured with the Messenger of Allah  in Uhud. When she was consoled regarding them she said, ‘How is the Messenger of Allah  doing?’ They said, ‘He is doing well, O Umm So-and- so. He is as you love to see him, praise be to Allah.’ She said, ‘Show him to me so that I might see him!’” He said, “So they pointed him out to her, and when she saw him she said, ‘Any calamity is insignificant as long as you’re not harmed’” [Al-Bidāyah wan-Nihāyah]. 
Here I dedicate my speech to my muhājirah sisters, for how often have we heard of sisters whose husbands are killed, so the earth with all its vastness becomes constricted for them and they turn towards the lands of kufr, where their families and relatives are. And there is no ability nor strength except with Allah! I tell them, you are sinful if you leave the land of Islam and return to the land of kufr. Whoever made hijrah for the sake of her husband, then know that he is indeed departing, without doubt, if not today then tomorrow. And whoever made hijrah for the cause of Allah, then know that Allah will remain, ever-living, and He does not die. So remain steadfast, my sisters, may Allah make us steadfast, and hold onto the Islamic State with all your strength! 
Ibnul-Jawzī said, “The majority of the scholars are of the opinion that He means: If it weren’t for what he put forth of worship before being swallowed by the whale, he would have lingered in its belly until the day on which mankind is resurrected. Qatādah said, ‘The whale’s belly would have become his grave until the Day of Judgment. But he used to pray much in times of ease, so Allah  saved him because of that’” [Zādul-Masīr]. 
My Muslim sister, indeed you are a mujāhidah, and if the weapon of the men is the assault rifle and the explosive belt, then know that the weapon of the women is good behavior and knowledge. Because you will enter fierce battles between truth and falsehood. Therefore, either it is them with a corrupted generation in terms of creed and methodology – I’m referring to the enemies of our religion – or it is you with a generation that sees honor in 
Maymūn Ibn Mihrān said, “I heard ad-Dahhāk Ibn Qays saying, ‘Remember Allah in times of ease, then He will remember you in times of adversity. Indeed Yūnus was a pious slave, remembering Allah, so when he fell into the whale’s belly, Allah said, {And had he not been of those who exalt Allah, he would have remained inside its belly until the Day they are resurrected} [As-Sāffāt: 143-144], whereas Fir’awn was a tyrannical slave, neglectful of the remembrance of Allah, so when {drowning overtook him, he said, “I believe that there is no deity except that in whom the Children of Isrā’īl believe, and I am of the Muslims.” Now? And you had disobeyed Him before and were of the corrupters?} [Yūnus: 90-91]’” [Reported by Ibn Abī Shaybah in his musannaf]. 
As for you, O mother of lion cubs… And what will make you know what the mother of lion cubs is? She is the teacher of generations and the producer of men. I inform you of the statement of the Prophet , “Every one of you is a shepherd and everyone is responsible for his herd … And the woman is a shepherd in her house and is responsible for her herd.” So have you understood, my Muslim sister, the enormity of the responsibility that you carry? O sister in religion, indeed, I see the Ummah of ours as a body made of many parts, but the part that works most towards and is most effective in raising a Muslim generation is the part of the nurturing mother. And for that reason, you are in need of a lot of patience and goodness and what suffices of beneficial knowledge in order to build a generation capable of bearing a trust that the heavens, the earth, and the mountains have all declined to bear. 
You know that acquiring knowledge is an obligation upon every Muslim and every Muslimah, and Allah has blessed the Islamic State, which has not been stingy towards its women in providing institutions and courses on the entirety of the Sharī’ah sciences. So shake off the dust of laziness and procrastination and come forth, free yourself from ignorance and learn the matters of your religion. And our state – may Allah strengthen it – does not want from us neither praise nor thanks, neither dirham nor dīnār, so may Allah reward them on our behalf and on behalf of the Muslims with the best of rewards. 
the pages of the Qur’ān and the muzzle of a rifle. Because of this let your motivation be the motivation of an Ummah, and so that you see in the eyes of all of your lion cubs a deeply knowledgeable scholar and a conquering leader. Hope for them what Hind Bint ‘Utbah  hoped for her son Mu’āwiyah , “For Abū Sufyān  looked to him while he was crawling and said to his son’s mother, ‘Indeed this son of mine has a large head and he deserves to rule his people.’ So Hind said, ‘His people only? May I be bereaved of him if he does not not lead the Arabs altogether’” [Al-Bidāyah wan-Nihāyah]. Hind  got what she had hoped for. Mu’āwiyah  led the Arabs altogether with the Sharī’ah. And, O sister, let all your children be like the three sons of Afrā’: Mu’ādh, Mu’awwadh, and ‘Awf . 
And what a great statement was made by Asmā’, the daughter of Abū Bakr , on the day Ibn ‘Umar entered upon her when her son ‘Abdullāh Ibn az-Zubayr  was crucified, killed by al-Hajjāj. He said to her, “This body is nothing and the souls are with Allah, so fear Allah and be patient.” So she said, “And what prevents me from patience while the head of Yahyā, the son of Zakariyyā, was offered to a prostitute from the prostitutes of Banī Isrā’īl?” Allāhu akbar! These are the women of our Ummah! The first Khansā’ women! 
Furthermore, my sisterly advice to you as you are preparing the lion cubs of the Khilāfah is that first comes knowledge, then the weapon. The danger of a weapon without knowledge is great and very rarely does it get things right. My noble sister, be like the mother of Sufyān ath-Thawrī, that imām, muhaddith, jurist, hāfidh, zāhid, and worshipper, to whom Umm Habībah – his mother – one day said, “O my son, seek knowledge and I will suffice you with my spindle.” Look at her, may Allah have mercy on her and gather us with her in the gardens of our Lord! What did she wish for her son except that he study the Sharī’ah and gain mastery in it, while she covers his provisions and subsistence with what she earns from the spindling of wool. So Allah blessed her son until Abū Ishāq as-Sabī’ī saw him approaching one day and said, {And We gave him judgment while he was a boy} [Maryam: 12]. 
My beloved sister, indeed from the blessings of Allah upon you is that He honored you with the life on the soil of the Khilāfah. So take advantage of that as much as you can to give your children a righteous upbringing upon clear tawhīd, a correct ‘aqīdah, kufr bit-tāghūt and worship of Allah alone, teaching them the heart-softeners, the remembrance of Allah, the Prophet’s biography, and the fiqh of jihād. And if the claimants of Islam in the lands of kufr raise their children on the stories of Cinderella 
To conclude, I remind myself and I remind you, O my precious sister, that we must purify our intentions and take them to account in all of our deeds. Those whose deeds were for the sake of Allah  have succeeded and won, and those whose deeds were for other than Allah  have failed and lost. And our final call is, “All praise belongs to Allah, the Lord of the creation.” May peace and blessings be upon our leader, Muhammad, and upon his family and companions altogether. 
The Prophet  afterward began the mission for which he was sent by Allah b. His people responded with great hostility. They claimed he was a sorcerer, a liar, a madman, a poet, a bewitched man, a storyteller, an impersonator, amongst other claims… although they had considered him before to be truthful and trustworthy! They offered him kingship, women, and wealth, but he rejected it all due to his purity and for the sake of his Lord. They plotted to murder him or expel him, but Allah plotted against his enemies and ordered His Messenger  to leave the most blessed place on the Earth – Makkah – for a new abode in al-Madīnah. 
A state was established with the Prophet  directing its armies of fighters against the caravans of the mushrikīn, events that led to the Great Battle of Badr. The mushrikīn were enraged and dispatched their envoys and battalions, and soon the Muslims were are at war with the mushrik Arab and Bedouin tribes of the Arabian Peninsula and the Jews and hypocrites of al-Madīnah. As the prophetic state grew in strength, the envy and rage of the kuffār grew into the Battle of al-Ahzāb (“the Parties”). The Jews plotted with the hypocrites and convinced various Arab tribes to 
attack al-Madīnah while they would cause turmoil from within. Quraysh, Kinānah, and their allies advanced from the south. Ghatafān, its clans, and allies advanced from the East. Their numbers reached ten thousand fighters and they held al-Madīnah under siege for a month, while the Muslims were greatly outnumbered. But the patience they endured in the face of war, fear, hunger, and weather, led to the Muslims’ victory and the good prophetic news that henceforth they would be on the offense and the mushrikīn on the defense.1 
Just as the Companions had to face coalitions of various Jewish, pagan, and hypocrite parties in the battle of al- Ahzāb, the Muslims of the Islamic State face various coalitions of kuffār having a common interest in seeing the Khilāfah destroyed. And just as the Companions’ reaction to the parties was one of faith, {And when the believers saw the parties, they said, “This is what Allah and His Messenger had promised us, and Allah and His Messenger spoke the truth.” And it increased them only in faith and acceptance} [Al-Ahzāb: 22], so too should the reaction of the Muslims be when seeing these numerous coalitions gathering and mobilizing. Here we attempt to provide some insight into the different coalitions so that the Muslim can strive to oppose them in word and deed 
Although this coalition might appear new, it manifested in “2001” in what was known as “Operation Enduring Freedom.” It quickly expanded to the Philippines, the Horn of Africa, the Trans Sahara, and the Caucasus. In “2003,” the crusaders then launched a second campaign known as “Operation Iraqi Freedom.” This was followed by a third campaign known as “Operation Inherent Resolve” launched in “2014” in both Iraq and Syria against the Islamic State.2 None of these various campaigns were successful in preventing the revival of the Khilāfah nor its continuity nor its expansion. Rather it was the Khilāfah that endured with inherent resolve, a result of its tawhīd and walā’ and barā’. 
Albania, the Arab League, Australia, Austria, Bahrain, Belgium, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Canada, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Egypt, Estonia, the European Union, Finland, France, Georgia, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Iceland, Iraq, Ireland, Italy, Japan, Jordan, Kosovo, Kuwait, Latvia, Lebanon, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Macedonia, Moldova, Montenegro, Morocco, The Netherlands, New Zealand, 
Other regimes and forces backed by the West but not mentioned above partake in the war against the Islamic State in more distant regions. The African Union, Benin, Cameroon, Chad, Niger, and Nigeria are all involved in the war against Wilāyat West Ifrīqiyyah. Afghanistan, Armenia, Azerbaijan, Mongolia, NATO, and Pakistan – in addition to many of the countries mentioned in the first list – are involved in the war against Wilāyat Khurāsān.4 Algeria, Libya, Tunisia, and Yemen are 3 This list was released by the US State Department and reproduced by a number of Ame- rican media outlets. It forgets to mention Iran, Russia, and Syria, all crucial members of the coalition against the Islamic State. 4 More than thirteen thousand troops belonging to crusader and apostate regimes conti- nue to occupy Afghanistan in defense of the apostate Afghan regime. Armenia, Azerbaijan, and Mongolia, as well as many nations mentioned in the “Operation Inherent Resolve” list – including Turkey – are members of this NATO crusader campaign known as “Operation Resolute Support.” As for Pakistan, then it is a close ally of the United States in the war against Wilāyat Khurāsān. 
involved in the war against the Islamic State in their respective regions. The Jewish state is openly involved in the war against Wilāyat Saynā’ in addition to being covertly involved alongside the crusaders in most of the campaigns against the Islamic State wilāyāt. The Gulf Cooperation Council, India, Indonesia, Malaysia, the Organization of “Islamic” Cooperation, Kyrgyzstan, and Switzerland are also involved – on a political, financial, intelligence, and in the case of most of them, military level – in the campaign against Islam and its Khilāfah.5 
Even before the blessed operations of September 11th, America had cooperated with Iran through the United Nations “Six Plus Two Group on Afghanistan,” part of a plot against the mujāhidīn of Khurāsān. After September 11th, the cooperation developed into what would become known as “the Geneva Contact Group” during the presidency of the crusader George W. Bush. It entailed Iran providing intelligence to the crusaders, building up the relationship between the crusaders and the “Northern Alliance,” and arresting mujāhidīn who attempted to cross the Iranian border on their way to Iraqi Kurdistan or other destinations. Iran provided some of its ports and airbases for the crusader mission, its “Islamic Revolutionary Guards Corps” cooperated with US Special Ops and the CIA in Afghanistan, and it partook in the establishment of the apostate puppet Afghan regime. In the months leading up to the American invasion of Iraq, the Americans cooperated with Iran again, but this time mainly through the British Foreign and Commonwealth Office. The cooperation climaxed through the formation of the Safawī regime of Iraq, essentially a puppet of Iran.6 
On “6 November 2014,” the “Wall Street Journal” released an article titled “Obama Wrote Secret Letter to Iran’s 5 This is a partial list. If one were also to add to it the countries that are involved covertly, tacitly, or passively in the war against the Islamic State, it would include all the countries of the world, especially considering that no kāfir aslī nation has a truce with the Islamic State. 6 This cooperation has been documented by American, British, and Iranian media. There are also statements on the record by Hillary Mann, James Dobbins, Karl Inderfurth – three former American diplomats involved in this plot – as well as Jack Straw (former British foreign secretary), Mohsen Aminzadeh (former Iranian deputy foreign minister), and Mo- hammad Khatami (former Iranian president), all explaining the justifications, history, and details of their meetings. 
Khamenei about Fighting Islamic State – Presidential Correspondence with Ayatollah Stresses Shared U.S.- Iranian Interests in Combating Insurgents, Urges Progress on Nuclear Talks.” In the article, they report that “Obama secretly wrote to Iran’s Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei” and that his letter “described a shared interest in fighting Islamic State militants in Iraq and Syria.” The letter was “aimed both at buttressing the campaign against Islamic State and nudging Iran’s religious leader closer to a nuclear deal” and stressed “that any cooperation on Islamic State was largely contingent on Iran reaching a comprehensive agreement with global powers on the future of Tehran’s nuclear program.” The letter also “marked at least the fourth time Obama has written Iran’s most powerful political and religious leader since taking office in 2009 and pledging to engage with Tehran’s Islamist government” and “underscores that Obama views Iran as important … to his emerging military and diplomatic campaign to push Islamic State from the territories it has gained.” Through the letter, Obama seeks “to assuage Iran’s concerns about the future of its close ally, President Bashar al-Assad of Syria” and reassures Iran that “the U.S.’s military operations inside Syria aren’t targeted at Assad or his security forces.” They also report that “the Obama administration launched secret talks with Iran in the Omani capital of Muscat 
in mid-2012” and that “White House press secretary Josh Earnest … acknowledged U.S. officials in the past have discussed the Islamic State campaign with Iranian officials on the sidelines of international nuclear talks. He added the negotiations remain centered on Iran’s nuclear program.” They also report that “Obama sent two letters to Iran’s 75-year-old supreme leader during the first half of 2009, calling for improvements in U.S.-Iran ties … U.S.-Iran relations have thawed considerably since the election of President Hasan Rouhani in June 2013. He and Obama shared a 15-minute phone call in September 2013, and Messrs. Kerry and Zarif have regularly held direct talks on the nuclear diplomacy and regional issues” and that “the State Department has confirmed that senior U.S. officials have discussed Iraq with Zarif on the sidelines of nuclear negotiations in Vienna. U.S. diplomats have also passed on messages to Tehran via Abadi’s government in Baghdad and through the offices of Iraq’s Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani, among the most powerful religious leaders in the Shiite world. Among the messages conveyed to Tehran, according to U.S. officials, is that U.S. military operations in Iraq and Syria aren’t aimed at weakening Tehran or its allies. ‘We’ve passed on messages to the Iranians through the Iraqi government and Sistani saying our objective is against ISIL,’ said a senior U.S. official briefed on these communications. ‘We’re not using this as a platform to reoccupy Iraq or to undermine Iran.’” 
But the cooperation was already there on the ground for some time. On “31 August 2014,” the “New York Times” released an article titled “U.S. and Iran Unlikely Allies in Iraq Battle.” They report that a senior US administration official said, “Any coordinating with the Shiite militias was not done by us – it would have been done by the ISF [the ‘Iraqi Security Forces’]” and then comment on his words with the following: “But it is well known that the Shiite militias have been fighting alongside the army in recent months as the threat from ISIS became clear.” Later in the article, they say that “the Obama administration has tried to avoid being seen as taking sides in a sectarian war, because the Shiite militias are especially feared by Iraq’s Sunnis. But for the weekend at least, the realities on the ground appeared to override any concerns of effectively supporting the militias.” Essentially, the Americans cooperate with Iran, its forces, and its militias, but through the Safawī Iraqi regime – in imitation of those Jews who worked but “did not work” on Saturday despite the prohibition and who were thus transformed into apes and swine. This is similar to the Jawlānī front’s claim that they do not cooperate with the tawāghīt when they cooperate with the factions of the tawāghīt… 
on behalf of the Americans. The Syrian regime was also behind a crackdown in Syria against all supporters of the jihād against the Americans in Iraq around the time of the rise of the pro-American Sahwah. Many of these Sahwah factions would have their leadership stationed in Syria and the Friday sermons would be directed to supporting them. The US-Syrian cooperation became most manifest recently in the crusader airstrikes. The “Washington Post” reported on “23 September 2014” in an article titled “Syria Informed in Advance of U.S.-Led Airstrikes against Islamic State” that a State Department spokeswoman said, “Syria was informed by the United States in advance of airstrikes against targets including Islamic State strongholds.” The article adds that this “marked a rare display of interaction between Washington and envoys for Syrian President Bashar al-Assad. … Army Lt. Gen. William C. Mayville Jr., the Pentagon’s director for operations, described Syrian military radar as ‘passive’ during the strikes, with no attempt to counter them. … [T]he outreach suggests a small but important shift by the United States and its allies, which have given diplomatic and limited military support to rebels seeking to overthrow Assad. The expansion of U.S.-led airstrikes into Syria could now open new channels to Assad’s government … The state-run Syrian Arab News Agency (SANA) said the United States informed Syria’s representative to the United Nations that it would carry out airstrikes. [US State Department spokeswoman Jen] Psaki confirmed the contact but did not say when it occurred.” The article also references a “SANA” report that stated Secretary of State John Kerry had sent a letter to Walid Muallem (Nusayrī regime foreign minister) to inform him of the crusaders’ plan to begin striking Islamic State positions. 
According to a report by Reuters on the same date titled “Syria’s U.N. Envoy Says Told of Airstrikes by Samantha Power,” “Syria’s U.N. Ambassador Bashar Ja’afari told Reuters on Tuesday that he was personally informed by U.S. Ambassador Samantha Power of imminent U.S. and Arab airstrikes against Islamic State targets on Syrian territory hours ahead of time. Ja’afari said Power told him on Monday morning that the military action would be carried out. He added that ‘we’re in close coordination with Iraq.’ The U.S. mission confirmed that Power had informed Ja’afari.” 
America has also served Syrian regime interests by backing the PKK, a party closely allied with the regime since the beginning of the war in Shām and which continues to fight alongside the regime in Wilāyat al-Barakah. America also insists on preserving the Baathist regime and its Nusayrī army so as to guarantee a transition towards a pluralistic state in accordance with the American religion. Their only condition is superficial; they request the tāghūt Asad be removed but the rest of his regime and army remain intact. This is then placed on the bargaining table with the apostates of the Syrian National Coalition and the Free Syrian Army. 
The American serving of Syrian regime interests was also highlighted by former US Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel. The “Washington Times” reports on “30 October 2014” in an article titled “Syria Airstrikes Spur White House Infighting over Benefit to Assad” that “Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel acknowledged for the first time Thursday that the U.S.-led airstrikes against the Islamic State are benefiting Syrian President Bashar Assad … ‘Yes, Assad derives some benefit,’ Hagel told reporters at the Pentagon … Describing the circumstances inside Syria as complicated, Hagel said the administration is continuing to call for Assad’s ouster despite the appearance of aiding him.” The report adds that an administration source informed them that “the logic among some in the administration was that hitting Syrian assets would 
Russia, in addition to being on the side of the United States, the Rāfidah, and the Nusayriyyah in Iraq and Shām in the war against the Islamic State, is also involved in the war against Wilāyat al-Qawqāz. As for Iraq and Shām, then the Director of Russian Federal Security Service (FSB) Alexander Bortnikov told journalists on “20 February 2015” that “the United States and Russia may start exchanging intelligence in order to defeat the Islamic State.” This was preceded by a report from the “New York Times” on “14 October 2014” titled “U.S. and Russia Agree to Share More Intelligence on ISIS.” In the report, they state, “Secretary of State John Kerry said on Tuesday that the United States and Russia had agreed to share more intelligence on the Islamic State, as he sought to lay the basis for improved cooperation with Moscow. … Kerry made it clear that he would welcome expanded cooperation with Putin after a meeting here with Sergey V. Lavrov, the Russian foreign minister. … Noting that 500 or more Islamic State volunteers may have come from Russia, Kerry said that he had proposed that the two sides intensify intelligence sharing on the militant group and other terrorist threats, and that Lavrov had agreed. Opening the door to cooperation in Iraq, Kerry said Lavrov had agreed to explore whether Russia could do more to support Iraq’s beleaguered government as it battles the Islamic State – including by providing weapons.” 
on “26 September 2014” about a meeting held between Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi. The Foreign Ministry said in the statement, “During the meeting, Lavrov confirmed Russia’s support for Iraq’s independence, territory integrity and sovereignty … Moscow is ready to continue supporting Iraq in its efforts in fighting the terrorist threat, and, first of all, the one from the Islamic State.” 
According to the “New York Times” in an article titled “Russian Jets and Experts Sent to Iraq to Aid Army” released on “29 June 2014,” “Iraqi government officials said Sunday that Russian experts had arrived in Iraq to help the army get 12 new Russian warplanes into the fight against Sunni extremists … ‘In the coming three or four days the aircraft will be in service to support our forces in the fight’ against the insurgents of the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria, said Gen. Anwar Hama Ameen, the commander of the Iraqi Air Force, referring to five SU-25 aircraft that were flown into Iraq aboard Russian cargo planes Saturday night, and two more expected later Sunday. … [T]he Iraqi Air Force commander, General Ameen, said that Russian military experts had arrived to help set up the new SU-25 warplanes, but that they would stay only a short time. The last five Russian aircraft would arrive by Monday, he said. … This was the first report of Russian military aides in the country, although General Ameen said they were experts, not advisers. … On Thursday, Prime Minister Nuri Kamal al-Maliki said the Iraqis, in an arrangement with the Russian Ministry of Defense, had ordered a dozen SU-25s, a ground-attack fighter jet useful for close air support operations. ‘They are coming very fast,’ General Ameen said in a telephone interview, ‘because we need them in this conflict against the terrorists as soon as possible.’ He said the Russians would leave within around three days after the aircraft were ready for service. … Still, General Ameen said they would soon see action again. ‘We have pilots who have long experience in this plane and of course we have the help of the Russian friends and the experts who came with these aircraft to prepare them,’ he said. ‘This will produce a very strong punishment against the terrorists in the coming days.’ … The new aircraft ‘will increase and support the strength and capability of the Iraqi air forces to eliminate terrorism,’ a statement issued by the Iraqi Ministry of Defense said.” 
In the end, America serves the interests of the Safawī Empire with its airstrikes, intelligence, and politics, and the Safawī Empire cooperates with the Americans similarly against the mujāhidīn. This is done covertly, indirectly, and even publicly. The “middleman” – when needed – is the Safawī puppet regime in Iraq. David Petraeus (former top American military commander in Iraq) commented on the Obama administration’s war, “This cannot be the United States being the air force for Shia militias or a Shia-on-Sunni Arab fight.” And this is exactly what is going on, but it is a war against Islam, not against Arabs. 
Revival of the Safawī Empire is the ultimate goal of the Rāfidah of Iran. The Safawī Empire was founded by a Sufi tarīqah named the Safawiyyah. In its original form it ascribed to the “Sunnah” and the “Shāfi’ī” madhhab, while combining within it the many extreme heresies of apostate Sufism. This deviant sect adopted Imāmī Shiism later after its founding and soon became a political and militant order fighting until its leader Ismā’īl Ibn Haydar as-Safawī overtook Persia. He enforced Shiism upon the Sunnī population until Persia became predominately Rāfidī after being predominantly Sunnī. His policies included executing Sunnī scholars and massacring resistant Sunnī populations. He was the most anti-Sunnī ruler to come into power since the fall of the Ismā’īlī ‘Ubaydī state based in Egypt. The Safawī dynasty ruled from “1501-1736CE.” 
The Rāfidah then overtook much of Yemen while siding with the American puppet Ali Abdullah Saleh, after already gaining power in Syria and Lebanon as a result of the Americans handing over Iraq to them after “Operation Iraqi Freedom.” Suddenly the “Shia Crescent” was growing from a crescent into a solar eclipse, ultimately threatening Islam everywhere. They united the Nusayriyyah, the Ismā’īliyyah, and the Zaydiyyah behind their so-called “faqīh” in a war against the Sunnah. Their plan is to continue waging war against Islam until the emergence of the “Mahdī” of the Rāfidah, who, according to them, will speak Hebrew, rule by the Torah, be followed by the Jews, and kill all the Arabs – attributes undoubtedly befitting the Jewish Dajjāl not the Muslim Mahdī.7 
The fact the apostate Rāfidah are more cohesive, organized, fervent, and aggressive than the other allies of the crusaders – the apostate tawāghīt and sahwāt – has gained them the favor of the crusaders, and accordingly, the crusaders rely upon them and the Rāfidah’s Kurdish allies more so than others in the war against the Khilāfah. The Rāfidah overall are more barbaric and united than the crusaders themselves, but the muwahhidīn of the Khilāfah have sharpened many knives and prepared many car bombs to slaughter the flocks of Rāfidī sheep until the last Rāfidī under the banner of ad-Dajjāl dies. 
The Sahwah was first named in Iraq but had existed as a phenomenon much earlier since post-Communist Afghanistan. The name is drawn from the Arabic word meaning “awakening.” The original Iraqi Sahwah consisted of tribal gangs who began to support the American crusaders against the mujāhidīn in “2005,” before the establishment of the Islamic State. This cooperation grew until Abdul Sattar al-Rishawi formed the “Anbar Awakening” council, one of the first officially American sahwāt, supposedly “awakening” to face the mujāhidīn. These tribal support councils sided against the Islamic State with factional sahwāt, many of which were already tribally driven. 
the crusaders operational rooms inside Shām in a manner very similar to that of Iraq, except in a crucial aspect, the factional sahwāt of Iraq were factions formerly waging war themselves against the American crusaders, making normalization of relations with somewhat awkward. As for the factional sahwāt of Shām, then since the beginning of the war in Shām, they have begged for American, European, Arab, and Turkish intervention or at least aid and have drawn closer to their various supporters and allies publically and privately, making their transformation into sahwāt something natural and expected. 
(“Jaysh factions in Shām And like the sahwāt of Iraq, there the nationalist were resistance al- Mujāhidīn,” the “Shāmiyyah Front,” “Faylaq ash-Shām,” etc.) and the nationalist “jihādī” factions (“Ahrār ash-Shām,” “Jaysh al-Islām,” and the Jawlānī front). And like the various fronts and councils formed in Iraq whose member factions promised to entirely dissolve but instead broke up and never actually achieved their intended merger, the various coalitions and fronts in Shām like the “Islamic Front” and “Jaysh al-Fath” continue to consist of independent factions refusing to dissolve into a greater entity and insisting upon further division. It is the disease of hizbiyyah and the love of leadership that continues to plague them, in addition to their extreme deviance. 
and others) ‘Irāq,”formed the “Jihād and resistance factions and nationalist Surūrī- oriented8 “jihādī” factions. The “jihādī” factions (the “Islamic Army in Iraq,” “Jaysh al-Mujāhidīn,” and the “Shar’ī Committee of Jaysh Ansār as-Sunnah,”9  and others) formed the “Jihad and Reform Front.” The resistance factions (the “1920 Revolution Brigades,” “Jaysh ar-Rāshidīn,” “Jaysh al-Muslimīn fil- ‘Irāq,” and others) formed the “Jihād and Change Front,” which followed the formation of another resistance coalition known as the “Islamic for the Iraqi Resistance.” Front Various “jihādī” factions in these smaller coalitions ultimately merged into the “Political Council for the Iraqi Resistance,” with some smaller groups remaining on the sidelines to ultimately face extinction. All of these various fronts and councils were infamously influenced or infiltrated by “al-Hizb al-Islāmī,” the Iraqi branch of the Ikhwān. Shortly after the formation of these various fronts and councils, their “jihād” became the releasing of 8 By then, the “Surūriyyah” was a pro-Saudi “Salafī” mo- vement that had abandoned a history of opposition to the Saudi tawāghīt. Their leaders permit partaking in the apostasy of democratic elections and referendums. In the Arabian Peninsula, their movement was referred to as the “Sahwah” movement, unrelated to the Iraqi Sahwah. Two of its most famous leaders were Salmān al-‘Awdah and Safar al-Hawālī. The name “Surūrī” is itself derived from the name of “Muhammad Surūr,” who like Salmān and Sa- far became fervently pro-Saudi after having a past against the Saudi tawāghīt. In general, one can summarize the Surūriyyah as being an Ikhwānī flavor of “Salafiyyah.” May Allah humiliate these wicked “scholars” and their tāghūt Saudi masters. 9 This is a group that insisted upon joining the Iraqi Sah- wah and broke off from Ansār al-Islām. 
The “Ikhwanization” of “jihād” was behind the treacheries and deviances of Burhanuddin Rabbani, Ahmad Shah Massoud, and Abdul Rasul Sayyaf in Afghanistan, Abdullo Nuri in Tajikistan, Abdelhakim Belhadj, Abdel Wahab Qaid, Abdel-Hakim al-Hasidi, and Sāmī Mustafā as- Sā’idī in Libya, Sharif Sheikh Ahmed in Somalia, Mohamed Abu Samra, Kamal Habib, Nabil Na’eem, Karam Zuhdī, Abbud al-Zumar, Tarek al- Zumar, Nājih Ibrāhīm, Usāmah Hāfidh, ‘Āsim ‘Abdil-Mājid, ‘Isām Dirbālah, ‘Adul-Ākhir al-Ghunaymī, and Usāmah Rushdī in Egypt, and Hamas in Palestine.10 
And the sahwāt – whether in Shām, Iraq, Libya, Pakistan, Afghanistan, Yemen, and elsewhere – in addition to their leaders travelling from Jordan to “Saudi” Arabia to Kuwait to Qatar to Turkey to the United Kingdom to the United States, have one thing in common; they are Machiavellian. For them, the ends justify the means, and accordingly the achievement of any “good” or pursuit of any “interest” justifies apostasy and hypocrisy. They do not adopt opinions based on evidence, rather they search for weak and odd opinions in pursuit of leadership, wealth, and honor, and to justify their walā’ to the kuffār and barā’ah from the Muslims. When their deeds become blatant fighting for the cause of the crusaders and the tawāghīt against Islam and the Muslims, they attempt to portray themselves as merely seeking the aid of the kuffār against the so-called “Khawārij”! Then the various “jihādī” Sahwah factions – driven by irjā’ and hizbiyyah – apostatize and ally with the nationalist factions against the common enemy – the “Khawārij” – while fabricating excuses for the kufr of their nationalist allies to portray them as merely mistaken Muslims fighting against a dangerous enemy, and accordingly any kufr committed for “self-defense” is excused! Perhaps sooner rather than later, their hizbiyyah will get the better of them, and they will begin pointing their arms at each other in pursuit of political dominance on what little land they have “liberated.” 
As for the Muslim who is unable to perform hijrah from dārul-kufr to the Khilāfah, then there is much opportunity for him to strike out against the kāfir enemies of the Islamic State. There are more than seventy crusader nations, tāghūt regimes, apostate armies, rāfidī militias, and sahwah factions for him to choose from. Their interests are located all over the world. He should not hesitate in striking them wherever he can. In addition to killing crusader citizens anywhere on the earth, what, for example, prevents him from targeting Rāfidī communities in Dearborn (Michigan), Los Angeles, and New York City? Or targeting Panamanian11 diplomatic missions in Jakarta, Doha, and Dubai? Or targeting Japanese diplomatic missions in Bosnia, Malaysia, and Indonesia? Or targeting Saudi diplomats in Tirana (Albania), Sarajevo (Bosnia), and Pristina (Kosovo)? Or executing major Sahwah sponsors in Qatar, Kuwait, and “Saudi” Arabia? What prevents him from targeting the allies of the PKK and Peshmerga in Europe and America including the “Confederation of Kurdish Associations 11 What did the pathetic state of Panama expect to achieve for its citizens except more ter- ror when it arrogantly entered into the American-led coaliation against the Islamic State? 
The various jihād claimants attempt to change the order of events in the Sīrah. The events of Hudaybiyah they have twisted, and thereby made into a so-called “fiqh” by which they water down the obligations of jihād and walā’ and barā’. They forget that Hudaybiyah came after the hijrah, the establishment of the prophetic state, and the victory at Badr. It came after the patience and perseverance displayed in Uhud and al-Ahzāb. It came at a time the Muslims were a powerful force, no longer threatened by annihilation at the hands of Quraysh. It came at a time when Quraysh feared the Muslims as a formidable adversary. 
The sahwāt, on the other hand, race towards the crusaders… and even the apostates! The sahwāt then enter under their wing, obey their orders in exchange for aid and support, and wage war against the Islamic State while they themselves resist implementation of the Sharī’ah, all whilst claiming that this is from the “fiqh” of Hudaybiyah, whereas, the fiqh of Hudaybiyah was in the patience of the Messenger  and his companions in all the battles preceding Hudaybiyah. It was in the recognition of their Lord’s promise in the assembly of al-Ahzāb. It was in their constant jihād and walā’ and barā’ that never ceased. It was in the achievement of consolidation by which their signing of a truce came from a position of power not weakness, and thereby its stipulations ultimately only served the interests of the Muslim body. 
long-disproved hree of the U.S. national government’s self-imposed and surely lethal handicaps in dealing with the Islamist threat are (a) a fixation on looking at the problem in a state-by-state manner; that is, what do we do in Iraq? what do we do in Afghanistan? what do we do in Libya? etc.; (b) an enduring but assumption that in its war with Islam the West has time [on] its side; and (c) an addiction to an unwise, unnecessary, and bankrupting interventionism that is the main motivator of the international Islamist movement, a phenomenon which was fathered and is still nurtured by the West’s so-called “allies and friends,” Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Qatar, etc. 
and an forming implementing By for each interventionist policies nation-state where Islamist threat is identified as needing to be addressed, Washington and its NATO allies miss the point that their main Islamist enemies — the Islamic State (IS) and al-Qaeda1, and especially the 1 Editor’s Note: Al-Qā’idah has become the media shield and in some cases military firearm of the tāghūt-backed Sahwāt in Shām, Libya, Yemen, and Khurāsān. After Dha- wāhirī ordered al-Qā’idah in Algeria to halt all attacks against apostate regimes especially the post-revolution Arab world, commanded al-Qā’idah in Syria to reassure the West that America and Europe would not be targeted by them, and himself pledged allegiance to Akhtar Mansūr, who supports national reconciliation with the apostate Af- ghani regime and normalization with the entire crusader, mushrik, atheist, and apostate world, then the crusader Americans can be assured, al-Qā’idah’s main war now is against the Islamic State. 
[On “8 August 2015,” Michael Scheuer – former Chief of the CIA “Bin Laden Issue Station” – released an article titled “Islamic State is winning, America must soon use its one remaining option.” In it, he addresses the American crusaders, calling them to end their hopeless war against Islam and its caliphate. He brings to their attention the reality that the Islamic State is winning and will continue to expand despite all the efforts of the weakened states of America. The article is presented below.] 
the West terms of its regional planning, or how that planning is not only immune to but fueled by the relentless, seriatim intervention of the West in each Muslim country that displeases it – excepting, of course, the Muslim tyrannies fawns over, protects, and is bribed by. (NB: This is not to argue that a multi-Muslim- nation intervention by U.S.-NATO forces is needed. First, that mother of all Western interventions would be the single most powerful ally for IS’s goal of uniting the Sunni world. Second, the U.S. military is worn out after two decades of war-losing; is being neutered by Obama’s calculated- to-destroy budget cuts, manpower reductions, and effeminization; and the NATO militaries — save Turkey’s — are tiny, antiquated, underfunded, and could not stop Putin’s panzers from rolling down the Champs Elysees without using nuclear weapons. The only effective U.S.- NATO defense against the Islamists is to stop all intervention, and let the Sunnis, Shias, and Israelis settle their differences in whatever merrily murderous manner pleases them.) 
in the strongly 1) The Balkans: IS has established itself Islamist communities of Bosnia, Kosovo, and Albania, and has a presence in each of the other Balkan states. In this effort, IS has capitalized on what is now a decades long campaign, that began with the USSR’s demise, in which Saudi Arabia, its Gulf partners, and their NGOs2 have converted large numbers of Balkans Muslims from being nominal believers to being Muslims well-schooled in the war- prone Salafi and Wahhabi doctrines. The Saudi-led effort3 has not yet made the Balkans a bastion of those doctrines, but it is yielding increasing numbers of Balkan Muslims who have become Salafis and Wahhabis. These converts have challenged in and succeeded in displacing more moderate Islamic leaders, building Islamist organizations that have sporadically attacked individuals, security forces, and buildings, and have sent a steady 2 Editor’s Note: The tawāghīt of Āl Salūl and their allies work together to portray themselves as the caretakers of Is- lam and the Muslims, when in actuality they propagate de- viance, lewdness, and even sodomy through their “Rotana Group” and their other entertainment and religious outlets, never mind the fact they rule by international and domestic manmade laws and support the Jews and Christians against Islam and the Muslims. Their weak and hypocritical sup- port of “da’wah” – in many cases – backfired and led to peo- ple studying the Qur’ān and the Sunnah, adopting tawhīd and sharī’ah, and declaring takfīr and jihād against the very forces and agents of Āl Salūl. 3 Editor’s Note: See previous footnote. several cases 
2) Libya: IS is encountering strong local resistance to its presence in Libya but it is an organization that can do more than one thing at a time. While its fighters defend and slowly expand IS-held territory, other IS leaders and administrators are engaged in bringing order and repairing social services and public utilities in the areas they hold, a pattern seen previously in Syria and Iraq. IS also is both exploiting its new geographical position — via successful attacks in Tunisia, and support for the in Egypt’s Sinai IS organization Peninsula — and preparing for further advances from Libya into Algeria, Morocco, Mauritania, and Sudan. Libya also gives IS cross- border access to Niger and Chad, both of which facilitate direct contact with IS’s expanding Nigerian ally Boko Haram. In addition, Niger affords easy entry into Mali where desperate Islamist organizations might well be enticed to cooperate with IS so as to benefit from its military know how, reputation for success, ample treasury, and the return of veteran Malian mujahedin who have been fighting with IS in Syria, Iraq, and Libya. 
The foregoing summary describes the unambiguous price of a half-century of U.S. cultural, political, economic, and military interventionism, either unilaterally or with its NATO vassals. And this summary does not include the IS beachheads that are still under development in the North Caucasus and Yemen, which will in time enable IS expansion into Russia and into Saudi Arabia and the other Sunni Gulf States. 
In the face of IS’s substantial geographical and manpower expansion, U.S. leaders in both parties have maintained a basically law-and-order approach to the mujahedin and have downplayed — when not ignoring — IS capabilities, its motivation and intentions, and the religious war it is waging. They also have spent the last year wasting time on whining about IS beheadings, the nuclear weapon Iran cannot be prevented from attaining5, and stoking war in Europe by aiding a Ukrainian government that cannot defend itself and uselessly sanctioning a Russian regime that will not return Crimea and knows that the term “paper tiger” has never been more applicable than when applied to the United States and NATO. 
When the time comes — and it will — for U.S. leaders to look in the cupboard and find a tool with which to end the IS threat, they will find it bare. With two deliberately lost wars, a broken military, a governing elite and president unattached to reality, a bankrupt treasury, a political system corrupted by the U.S.-citizen agents of foreign powers, next-to-useless European allies, a Western world that prefers its own death to slaughtering its enemy, and an Islamist enemy far smarter and more talented than it is given credit for, the U.S. governing elite will have only one option. 
Turning from the bare cupboard, these poor souls will know what commonsensical Americans untainted by Ivy League educations have known all along. Namely, that it is time to put America first and to return to General Washington’s foreign-policy immediately proclaiming the end of U.S. interventionism, the termination of support for all states and groups in the Middle East, the U.S. withdrawal from NATO, and the resumption of America’s most effective national security policy — strict neutrality.6 legacy by 
And while doing this, we can all hope — perhaps with misplaced optimism — that it is not too late. 5 Editor’s Note: The apostate Rāfidah of Iran have the American crusaders to thank for granting them the conditions and the resources needed to facilitate development of their nuclear program into nuclear weapons to be used against Ahlus-Sunnah, never mind the fact that the crusader jets – in defense of Iran and its Rāfidī militias – target the mujāhidīn in Iraq and Shām. 6 Editor’s Note: Rather the only complete solution to America’s war with Islam is in the Americans either accepting Islam or paying jizyah. Otherwise, it can admit defeat and accept a partial solution by abiding by a temporary truce whose stipulations are in accor- dance with the Sharī’ah. 
to it from the Afghan and Pakistani Taleban has become a steady flow since the long-hidden death of Taleban chief Mullah Omar was announced on 30 July 2015 and a new leader was quickly chosen by a small number of Taleban leaders who had helped hide the fact that Omar died in April, 2013. IS strategists see Afghanistan as key to the expansion and completion of the IS Caliphate, as it provides potential revenue streams from the country’s heroin production4 and mineral wealth, and easy access Pakistan, and through it to India and Kashmir, as well as to the Muslim states of Central Asia, the Muslim Uighur population in China’s Xinjiang Province, and a base from which to potentially attack Iran, murder Shias willy-nilly, and force Tehran to fight a two-front war against IS forces and their allies. 
4) Maritime choke-points: In its most ambitious strategic project, IS currently has the beginning of opportunities to establish its presence at four of the world’s most important maritime choke-points. The entrance to Bab- el-Mandab Strait at the southern end of the Red Sea lies between IS and other Islamist groups fighting for control of Yemen and the Islamist- and pirate-rich Horn of Africa; the Suez Canal is vulnerable to the IS branch now operating with near impunity in Egypt’s Sinai Peninsula; the Strait of Malacca, which runs along the shores of Indonesia’s Islamist-dominated Aceh Province; the Jakarta government claims IS’s presence and appeal in the country is quickly growing; and the Strait of Gibraltar, which has long been an al-Qaida target and is now bounded on the south by IS’s growing strength and reach in the Maghreb, and on the north by the ample IS presence in southern Europe and the reinforcements it is receiving from the IS fighters salted among the mass of illegal migrants entering Europe by sea from North Africa. 
4 Editor’s Note: The Islamic State leadership in Wilāyat Khurāsān has been the most severe against the opium farmers of Pakistan and Afghanistan – burning opium plantations and crops – as opium production is from the most evil of deeds, never mind such being from the most accursed forms of income. The Akhtar-led Taliban, however, consider those who burn the crops of opium to be “Khawarij” who have destroyed Muslim “wealth” and de- vastated “zakāh” collection! 
Abul-Mughīrah: The battle situation in the Libyan wilāyāt is one of fighting the mushrikīn altogether as they fight us altogether. The military situation in Libya differs from region to region, depending on the number of Khilāfah soldiers and the type of enemy in addition to the social composition and geography of the various regions. It also depends on the conflicts and coalitions that form in the ranks of the apostates themselves. {You think they are together, but their hearts are diverse} [Al- Hashr: 14]. But we reassure the Muslims in the eastern and western extents of the Earth that Libya will not be ruled except by Allah’s Sharī’ah and that the Islamic State by Allah’s grace will pave its way quickly towards consolidation and expansion. 
Abul-Mughīrah: The “Libyan Dawn” is the official military wing for the “General National Congress” democratic government (with its “Islamic” shroud) represented by the “Muslim Brotherhood” and the “Libyan Islamic Fighting Group” led by Abdelhakim Belhadj. These apostate forces wage war against Allah’s religion by abandoning the Sharī’ah laws and replacing them with manmade laws in addition to waging war against the people of tawhīd, dragging them to prisons, and handing them over to the crusaders. Due to their war against Allah’s religion and His awliyā’, the Islamic State rose to repel their attacks against the Muslims and to implement the Sharī’ah, spread justice, and save the prisoners from harm. They will continue to be a target for our swords, which we will not hold back until they repent from their kufr and their walā’ to Allah’s enemies from amongst the crusaders and the secularists. 
State fights the apostates of the Libyan army at a number of locations near the city of Binghāzī, most important of which are as-Sābirī and al-Laythī. The Islamic State also has some frontlines against them near Darnah, most important of which are Martūbah and an-Nawwār. The Islamic State also targets their locations in the city of Ajdābiyā. The secularist forces of Haftar are targets for the Khilāfah soldiers wherever these forces might rest. We will not slack in fighting them until there is no more fitnah and the religion is all for Allah. 
Abul-Mughīrah: This council consists of two major elements: “Abū Salīm Martyrs Brigade” and the “Libyan Islamic Fighting Group.” As for the “Libyan Islamic Fighting Group,” then its kufr is clear due to its participation in the Tarābulus government and the democratic process under the leadership of Abdelhakim Belhadj. As for the “Abū Salīm Martyrs Brigade,” then it was a brigade that was once Salafī. Most of the soldiers of the Islamic State in Darnah were from the brigade’s founders. They abandoned the brigade after it fell into a number of nullifiers of Islam, most infamous of which was its operating as part of the interior ministry in what was known as the “security committee.” This is in addition to their security for the tāghūt Mustafa Abdul Jalil, Chairman of the National Transitional Council, when he visited Darnah and called to democracy. Since then, the people of proper methodology abandoned the brigade. They even killed leaders of the brigade who led it to the depths of kufr. All this was before the official expansion of the Islamic State to Libya. After Allah blessed it with 
expansion to Libya and most of the groups in Darnah pledged bay’ah to it, the Abū Salīm brigade requested its opponents from the other groups refer to the court of the Islamic State for a resolution. After studying the condition of the brigade and what it fell into, the court of the Islamic State ruled that the brigade had committed apostasy and called its individuals to repentance. A number of its followers and leaders repented whereas the remaining gathered together with the “Libyan Islamic Fighting Group” to form what they called “Majlis Shūrā Darnah.” 
Abul-Mughīrah: Many of the leaders and soldiers of Ansār ash-Sharī’ah were from the first to pledge bay’ah in Libya to the Islamic State. This group continues to have men who wish to implement the Sharī’ah despite the groups’ abandonment of the lost obligation of the era and its preference of division to unity, most clear in its lack of a bay’ah to the Khalīfah and in its unity with “revolutionary” movements linked to the apostate regime of Tarābulus in some regions as well as its acceptance in other regions of suspicious aid from filthy hands. It also has contradictory stances from region to region due to the different orientations of its leaders and the alignments of its soldiers. Some of the contradictory stances are also due to the closeness of some of their leaders towards those of “al-Qā’idah in the Islamic Maghrib” present in Libya. 
its declaration angered them. It also removed the evils, enforced good, and banned evil. So they began their filthy steps with a plot for treachery. They coordinated with the apostate “Libyan Islamic Fighting Group” to make a formation, which they named “Majlis Shūrā Darnah.” They also deviously took critical locations in the city in preparation to strike the Islamic State. They attempted to contrive problems so as to be an excuse to battle the Islamic State. The beginning of their treachery was their targeting of two checkpoints near the western and eastern entrances to the city. They laid siege to the Islamic court building, justifying that with flimsy excuses. {And Allah does not guide the plan of betrayers} [Yūsuf: 52]. 
The Islamic State withdrew from the city center of Darnah in the beginning of the battle and made the eastern entrance to the city (the area of al-Fatā’ih) a launch ground for its operations against these Sahwāt. Thereafter, “Majlis Shūrā Darnah” announced the launching of the “Battle of Nahrawān” to take al-Fatā’ih area with the aid of forces called “Shuhadā’ al-Jabal,” who belong to the Libyan Haftar army. The Islamic State continued to advance towards the center of Darnah. In the last few days, it retook areas of the eastern coast side of Darnah. All praise is due to Allah. And the battle carries on. 
Abul-Mughīrah: As for Sirte, then the story was not so much one of treachery but that the Islamic State had gained recent control over the city and there remained pockets in the city belonging to the supporters of the tāghūt Haftar and others belonging to the supporters of the tāghūt Gaddafi, as they consider Sirte his birthplace. There was also resistance from some of the Madkhalī Murji’ah, who carried arms against the Islamic State. The destruction of these pockets of resistance was achieved and their arms and wealth was taken as booty. The repentance of those who repented was also acknowledged. All praise is due to Allah. 
Darnah by Sharī’ah despite the presence of obstacles and bitterness manifest in deviant parties and divided factions who ignored to pledge bay’ah to the Khilāfah. The result of enforcing Sharī’ah laws upon the strong and weak and enforcing repentance upon the apostates with the presence of some of these deviant and divided factions in the region led to the Islamic State being fought by these parties altogether and their announcement of war against it. 
In the cities and regions that it controls, the Islamic State has laid down the proper foundation. It knows that the establishment of the religion and implementation of Sharī’ah cannot be properly achieved with the presence of deviant and divided groups, organizations, and parties within its territory. {Establish the religion and do not be divided therein} [Ash-Shūrā: 13]. And so it works to rid the lands of this menace while implementing the Sharī’ah. 
Abul-Mughīrah: The treachery of the Sahwāt in Darnah is due to the difference of religion, the conflict of methodologies, and the arrogance of some “revolutionary” leaders present in Darnah. The Islamic State embittered these people with its pure methodology and clear path. It was able to achieve in a month what they were unable to achieve in the three years that passed. It openly declared the kufr of the apostates and called them to repentance, including the Abū Salīm brigade. The word of truth and 
Abul-Mughīrah: There is no reward without hardship, especially when it comes to jihād and hijrah. But it is easy for those for whom Allah makes it easy. Those who have resolved to perform hijrah should purify their intentions, rely upon Allah b, and make very much supplication. They should remember that despite the difficulties of hijrah, {Whoever leaves his home as a muhājir to Allah and His Messenger and then death overtakes him – his reward has already become incumbent upon Allah. And Allah is ever Forgiving and Merciful} [An-Nisā’: 100]. 
Abul-Mughīrah: We begin with advice to the Muslims in general to have zuhd towards the Dunyā and its pleasures. They should not incline nor adhere to the Earth. They should be Ansār of Allah, perform hijrah, and strike the enemies of Allah. The supporters of the religion should know, {And whoever performs hijrah for the cause of Allah will find on the earth many locations and abundance} [An-Nisā’: 100]. We call them to march forth and incite them to support us. 
Abul-Mughīrah: My advice to the muhājirīn in general is that they should not become proud by their hijrah nor should they consider their jihād a favor they have done for Allah. They should make their intentions sincere, for there were those who performed hijrah to the Prophet  for the sake of Dunyā and a woman to marry, such as the man who was called “Muhājir Umm Qays.” So we call you, our brother, to perform your hijrah for Allah and in support of His religion. Your path will be disturbed by difficulties and great obstacles. The actions are but by intention and comfort is not achieved by comfort. 
Abul-Mughīrah: Libya has a great importance for the Muslim Ummah because it is in Africa and south of Europe. It also contains a well of resources that cannot dry. All Muslims have a right to these resources. It is also a gate to the African desert stretching to a number of African countries. It is important to note also that the Libyan resources are a concern for the kāfir West due to their reliance upon Libya for a number of years especially with regards to oil and gas. The control of the Islamic State over this region will lead to economic breakdowns especially for Italy and the rest of the European states. 
Jubayr Ibn Nufayr  reported that Abud-Dardā’  reported that he was with Allah’s Messenger  when he  looked up towards the sky and said, “A time will come soon when knowledge is taken away from the people until they are no longer able to grasp any of it.” Ziyād Ibn Labīd al-Ansārī  said, “How will it be ta- ken away from us while we have read the Qur’ān, for by Allah, we will read it and have our women and chil- dren read it [in another narration: and have the child- ren of our children read it until Resurrection Day]?” He  said, “May your mother bereave you O Ziyād! I used to count you from the fuqahā’ of al-Madīnah. Are not the Tawrāh and Injīl with the Jews and Christi- ans? What have their books availed them?” Jubayr then met ‘Ubādah Ibn as-Sāmit  and said to him, “Have you not heard what your brother Abud-Dardā’ says?” 
The divided crusaders of the East and West thought them- selves safe in their jets as they cowardly bombarded the Muslims of the Khilāfah. {They will not fight you all except within fortified cities or from behind walls} [Al-Hashr: 14]. But Allah c decreed that punishment befall the warring crusaders from where they had not expected. Thus, the blessed attacks against the Russians and the French were successfully executed despite the international intelligence war against the Islamic State. Both crusader nations had undoubtedly destroyed their homes with their own hands through their hostilities towards Islam, the Muslims, and the Muslim body of the Khilāfah. 
On “30 September 2015,” after years of supporting the Nusayrī tāghūt in the war against the Muslims of Shām, Russia decided to participate directly with its own air force in the war. It was a rash decision of arrogance from Russia, as if it held that its wars against the Muslims of al-Qawqāz were not enough offence. And so after having discovered a way to compromise the security at the Sharm el-Sheikh International Airport and resolving to bring down a plane belonging to a nation in the American-led Western coali- tion against the Islamic State, the target was changed to a Russian plane. A bomb was smuggled onto the airplane, 
A year earlier, on “19 September 2014,” France haughtily began executing airstrikes against the Khilāfah. Like Russia, it was blinded by hubris, thinking that its geographical dis- tance from the lands of the Khilāfah would protect it from the justice of the mujāhidīn. It also did not grasp that its mockery of the Messenger g would not be left unavenged. Thus, the Islamic State dispatched its brave knights to wage war in the homelands of the wicked crusaders, leaving Par- is and its residents “shocked and awed.” The eight knights brought Paris down on its knees, after years of French con- ceit in the face of Islam. A nationwide state of emergency was declared as a result of the actions of eight men armed only with assault rifles and explosive belts. 
Amīrul-Mu’minīn Abū Bakr al-Husaynī al-Baghdādī (ha- fidhahullāh) said, “By Allah, we will take revenge! By Allah, we will take revenge! Even if it takes a while, we will take revenge, and every amount of harm against the Ummah will be responded to with multitudes more against the perpetrator. {And those who, when tyranny strikes them, they defend themselves} [Ash-Shūrā: 39]. Soon, by Allah’s permission, a day will come when the Muslim will walk everywhere as a master, having honor, being revered, with his head raised high, and his dignity preserved. Anyone who dares to offend him will be disciplined, and any hand that reaches out to harm him will be cut off. So let the world know that we are living today in a new era. Whoever was heedless must now be alert. Whoever was sleeping must 
now awaken. Whoever was shocked and awed must com- prehend. The Muslims today have a loud, thundering state- ment, and possess heavy boots. They have a statement that will cause the world to hear and understand the meaning of terrorism, and boots that will trample the idol of national- ism, destroy the idol of democracy, and uncover its deviant nature” [A Message to the Mujahidin and the Muslim Um- mah in the Month of Ramadan]. 
Yes, by Allah, the Khilāfah will take revenge for any aggres- sion against its religion and people, sooner rather than lat- er. Let the arrogant know that the skies and the lands are Allah’s. {Mūsa said to his people, “Seek help through Allah and be patient. Indeed, the earth belongs to Allah. He caus- es to inherit it whom He wills of His servants. And the final outcome is for the righteous} [Al-A’rāf: 128]. 
On this occasion, we will not forget to commend the mar- tyred “lone” knights of the Khilāfah who struck out against the kāfir and apostate enemies near them. These brave men were not content with merely hearing news about jihād battles, rather they distanced themselves from the traits of those who {would wish they were in the desert among the Bedouins, inquiring from afar about your news}, those who {if they were among you, they would not fight except for a little} [Al-Ahzāb: 20]. They did not use the obstacles laid down by the kuffār on the path to hijrah as an excuse to abandon jihād against the enemies. They did not use a younger age or lack of training as an excuse to be mere by- standers. They sacrificed their souls in the noblest of deeds in pursuit of Allah’s pleasure. We consider them such, and Allah is their judge. 
Amongst these brave knights of tawhīd and jihād was fif- teen-year-old Farhad Khalil Mohammad Jabar, who on “2 October 2015” struck the crusaders of Australia and killed one of their personnel. Thereafter Faisal Mohammad carried the banner and his dagger to spear the crusaders of America on “4 November 2015,” spilling their filthy blood in their insecure homeland. Earlier, on “10 October 2015,” sixteen- year-old Ishāq Qāsim Badrān grabbed his blade and pierced citizens of the accursed Jewish state, filling the atmosphere with their screams. After Ishāq, Muhannad Khalīl al-‘Aqabī carried his own weapon into a high security train station on “18 October 2015” and killed a soldier from an “elite unit” belonging to the Jewish army, causing the other coward- ly soldiers to retreat. And on “9 November 2015,” Anwar Abu Zeid – after repenting from his former occupation – attacked the American crusaders and their apostate allies, killing two American crusaders, two Jordanian apostates, and one South African crusader. 
So let every such muwahhid barred from hijrah purify him- self of the branches of lesser hypocrisy that hold him back from performing jihād in his location. Let him record his will, renew his bay’ah, carry the Khilāfah banner, and strike the crusaders and their pagan and apostate allies wherever he can find them, even if he is alone. And he should remem- ber that {whoever relies upon Allah – then He is sufficient for him} [At-Talāq: 3]. 
As the Sahwah fever spreads through the ranks of al-Qā’idah from Shām to its other branches, it is important to study the relationship between the other branches and regional apostate parties, as these relationships in addition to the irjā’ and hizbiyyah of al-Qā’idah’s leadership are the crucial driv- ing force in converting al-Qā’idah branches from parties resisting the American-led crusades into hardcore sahwāt. 
In Khurāsān, al-Qā’idah is with the Taliban factions who announced their adoption of nationalism and resistance to- wards walā’ and barā’, lied to the Ummah by attributing their deviant declarations to the deceased Mullā ‘Umar, and shamelessly flaunted their brotherhood with the apostate tawāghīt and the Rāfidah. In India, they are the allies of the nationalist Kashmir factions whose advances and with- drawals are only by the order of the apostate Pakistani army. In North Africa, they are the allies of the Libyan factions who partook in the religion of democracy in the name of “Islam.” 
And in Yemen, one of the top allies of al-Qā’idah – after the ‘ Abd Rabbuh battalions, the “Islāh” parliamentarians, and the pro-Saudi “Salafiyyah” of Dammaj and Ma’rib – is the “Hadhrami Domestic Council.” According to the introduc- tion found on the council’s official website, “The Hadhrami Domestic Council in the city of al-Mukallā – the capital of Hadramawt – was formed and then announced on Mon- day, 13 April 2015, to be an authority for administering 
the affairs of the Hadramawt capital city of al-Mukallā af- ter being granted control over it by those who collapsed it – Ansār ash-Sharī’ah, ‘The Sons of Hadramawt’1 – on 2 April 2015.2 The Hadhrami Domestic Council was formed by a fine selection of the sincere men of Hadramawt in- cluding religious scholars, prominent figures, tribal figures, social figures, businessmen, academics, engineers, media professionals, and officers in the army and security forces. They shouldered their historical responsibility at a crucial moment for the sake of Hadramawt. They did not abandon it to an unknown future. They kept it from being a target of foreign forces, lack of authority and security, theft, de- struction, and chaos. This is from the most important goals for which the Hadhrami Domestic Council was formed, in addition to shouldering the responsibility of administering the affairs of the city with the aid of the citizens and by pre- serving its security and stability and securing the continued delivery of necessary services including water, food supplies, electricity, medical care, waste management, education, and other services. The council also has high hopes in its citizens contributing towards achieving these noble goals and nor- malizing public life, each person in his realm of work and specialization, and that they will unite their ranks for the 
In the first press release made by this council on “13 April 2015,” only nine days after al-Mukallā was overrun by al- Qā’idah, they said, “O free sons of Hadramawt, in light of the painful circumstances that the country in general faces, including the province of Hadramawt, especially its capital al-Mukallā, the Council of the Scholars of Ahlus-Sunnah, the tribal elders, and a party of prominent figures and se- niors took the initiative to repair the lands and protect them from slipping into bloody conflicts. A meeting occurred in which the Hadhrami Domestic Council was formed to be- come an authority in administering the affairs of the pro- vincial capital and in coordination with and under the su- pervision of the governor of Hadramawt Province, Dr. ‘Ādil Muhammad Bāhamīd. With success granted by Allah, the council reached an agreement with the Sons of Hadramawt consisting of the following: First, they have to hand over all the public utilities and the administration of them to the Hadhrami Domestic Council. It is also the right of the Domestic Council to appoint whom it wishes as its head. Second, the Domestic Council is responsible for adminis- trating the matter of public security and its stations. Third, what is needed to facilitate the job of the Council and ad- minister services will be provided by the Sons of Hadra- mawt to the Domestic Council, as agreed by both sides … 
In a press release on “4 September 2015,” they said, “We will not miss the opportunity in this declaration to offer condolences to our brothers in the coalition of Arab nations with respect to the victims resulting from a treacherous at- tack that led to the deaths of sixty Emirati, Saudi, and Bah- raini soldiers. We ask Allah c to accept them as shuhadā’ as they defended their nations … We convey to them the 
On their website, they regularly report their relations with top officials from the ‘Abd Rabbuh regime including those from the Finance Ministry, the Education Ministry, the Central Bank, and the Defense Ministry, as well as the gov- ernors of various provinces. They also report on “24 April 2015” their dispatching of an official delegation to “Sau- di” Arabia to meet with Saudi officials and both the prime minister and vice president of the ‘Abd Rabbuh regime in an effort to strengthen the relationship between the council and the Saudi and Yemeni regimes. 
In an announcement released on “21 April 2015,” the council said, “Since … the collapse of all the institutions of the state, army, and security, and the control of those who call themselves ‘The Sons of Hadramawt’ over the affairs of the provincial capital, and after constant communication with the governor of the province of Hadramawt … the scholars, tribal elders, and notables placed their exhaustive efforts into convincing ‘The Sons of Hadramawt’ of the danger of their remaining in control of the political offices of the government and its other buildings, something that could lead to regional and international military interfer- ence whose outcome would be disastrous for the people and land. These efforts resulted in an agreement decreeing the handover of all government facilities and public security centers to a domestic Hadhrami council formed by scholars and tribal nobles …” 
They go on to say, “The brother, the governor of the Hadra- mawt province, blessed this agreement; rather he initially agreed to be the head of the council. He later proposed be- ing a coordinator and supervisor over the council. After a few days, the armed forces defending the airport, ad-Dab- bah, Brigade 27, and Air force Brigade 190 all withdrew. It is not true that the Domestic Hadhrami Council received these camps and handed them over to ‘The Sons of Hadra- mawt.’ Rather, the ‘Sons of Hadramawt’ overran them first. Because of these events, an emergency meeting was held by the Domestic Council on 29/6/1436AH coinciding with 18 April 2015. The following resolutions were made there:” 
the following conditions. They must: A) Gradually hand over all the government facilities to the Domestic Coun- cil. B) Hand over the seaport, the airport, and the military camps to the Domestic Council. C) Hand over sufficient amounts and sufficient types of vehicles, weapons, and mu- nitions (in accordance with the demands of the council’s security committee) to enable the achievement of the coun- cil’s duties in maintaining public security and military posts. D) Return at least two billion riyals from the money that was taken from the Central Bank to the Domestic Council for the council to manage the affairs of the province. E) Not execute arrests or house raids after the Domestic Coun- cil takes authority except if it is proven that an individual works against the security of the province.” 
“The results of the negotiations with ‘The Sons of Hadra- mawt’ were as follows: ‘The Sons of Hadramawt’ agreed to hand over the public facilities and the administration of these facilities whenever the Domestic Council requests so. ‘The Sons of Hadramawt’ agreed to hand over the sea- port, the airport, and the military camps, except for Brigade 27, to the Domestic Council … ‘The Sons of Hadramawt’ agreed to provide the Domestic Council with a sufficient amount of vehicles, weapons, emergency vehicles, and po- lice vehicles, so as to facilitate the job of the council’s secu- rity committee … ‘The Sons of Hadramawt’ agreed to stop carrying out any arrests or house raids after the Domestic Council takes authority of the city unless the danger of an individual against the security of Hadramawt is certain.” 
It becomes clear from these various press releases and dec- larations that the council is a project whose mission is to reestablish the ‘Abd Rabbuh regime in Hadramawt while taking advantage of the partisanship, irjā’, and foolishness of the Yemeni branch of al-Qā’idah. After expelling a tāghūt in power, al-Qā’idah refused to take control of the land and rule it by Sharī’ah themselves and instead handed it over to a selection of Ikhwān, Saudi supporters, grave worship- pers, and former parliament, military, and security officials! Meanwhile, as their relationship with the nationalist resis- tance grows, their enmity towards the Islamic State surges. They are not able to fathom takfīr and war against both the Rāfidī Houthis and the murtadd regime forces together. And if matters carry on as they had in Shām, the common enemy between the Yemeni Qā’idah and the nationalist resistance will become the Khilāfah. May Allah guide the soldiers in the ranks of al-Qā’idah out of the ranks of parti- sanship and into the ranks of the Jamā’ah before they follow the footsteps of the apostate Jawlānī front. 
of Allah in addition to the rights of His creation. And it is known that the authority of these rulers is invalid, and that it is obligatory to oppose them and wage war against them. But what is meant by listening and obeying here is in reference to those whom Allah has given authority over the affairs of jihād [and now, the Khilāfah]. This is a very important and very serious matter, which the Wise legisla- tor has urged. And His Messenger g has made disobedi- ence of one’s leader similar to disobedience of the Prophet g. Listening and obeying is from unity, cooperation, and strength, in contrast with quarrelling, disunity, and dis- agreement. 
leader – in any form – has a severe, adverse consequence, and the best example of that is what happened to the Sahā- bah in the Battle of Uhud when they disobeyed the Prophet g and as a result, the Muslim army suffered a setback and calamity, including many of the best Sahābah being killed, and the Prophet g and a number of other Sahābah being wounded. This was all the result of disobeying the leader, the Prophet g. 
One of the many small examples mentioned in this regard is an incident that was related to me by one of the broth- ers about a man who wanted to join the training camps in Afghanistan. The person responsible for his departure gave him instructions not to call his family until he reached Pa- kistan. But the brother disobeyed this order and called his family from the airport in his country just before boarding the plane. Immediately, his family hastened to speak to the airport officials and managed to catch him before the plane took off. So he paid the price of disobedience by being de- prived of preparing for and undertaking jihād for Allah’s cause! 
There are many such incidents, but here I would like to advise the brothers who have refused to live a life of humili- ation and have overcome their desires and lusts, to fasten on themselves the bridle of listening to and obeying the leaders in everything big and small, for obedience is in everything except in sin. And if the leader’s order is an issue of ijti- hād where there are two or more legitimate opinions and the leader has adopted one of the opinions – regardless of whether it is the more correct or the less correct opinion – it is obligatory to yield to the opinion he has chosen and sub- mit to his order, because the issue is an issue of ijtihād and there is no denunciation in that. 
order to the letter, as they are the causes of grief and calam- ity. Whenever someone wants to disobey the leader, if he were to look for an excuse for himself he would find it. So those who disobeyed the Prophet g in the Battle of Uhud, their excuse was that the battle was over and there was no longer any point in remaining on the archers’ mountain, and so on and so forth… So do not look for excuses when you are thinking of disobeying the order, but rather compel yourself to follow the order and not overstep it. 
Since the de-“Islamization” of the nationalist “Islamic” sah- wāt began – those factions having loyalty towards the Arab and Turkish tawāghīt – not a month passes without a decla- ration of nationalism and democracy being released by the allies of al-Qā’idah in Shām. The tawāghīt are ordered by the crusaders to pressure the sahwāt into announcing more and more concessions for continued military and non-military aid to reach them as well as for them to gain international political support and air cover from the crusaders. 
The concessions will not end, and thus their apostasy be- comes more and more blatant for none to doubt, not even the most deviant Murji’.1 It’s reached the point that even some within the Jawlānī front realized its allies were too shameless for the Jawlānī front to continue to openly support.2 And so former alliances were scaled back, downplayed, or ignored, reaching the point that the Jawlānī front publically coordi- nated a handover of their frontline posts to the Shāmiyyah Front, an open ally of the American crusaders and Turkish tawāghīt. It was not a mere withdrawal brought about by nonexistent military pressure but a coordinated handover by the Jawlānī front leadership documented in photos released by their close ally. This “withdrawal” was meant to present an image to the Jawlānī front “muhājirīn” that their leader- ship does not cooperate with the agents of America. 
1 Although the reality of the nationalist factions was always known by the leadership of the jihād claimants, they used the claims of the Murji’ah to treat the apostate and hypocritical factions as Muslims and to justify their alliance with them against the Islamic State. See Dābiq, issue 8, “Irjā’: The Most Dangerous Bid’ah,” pages 39-56. See also Dābiq, issue 10, “Interview with Abū Samīr al-Urdunī,” pages 70-76. 2 See in this issue, “In the Words of the Enemy.” 
“The representatives of the Syrian revolutionary fighting factions have met together and discussed the presidential statement by the UN Security Council issued on August 17, 2015, as well as the plan proposed by the UN envoy for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The meeting factions have ac- knowledged that the statement by the UN Security Coun- cil could provide an enabling environment for starting an objective political negotiation and trust-building among all parties. The meeting factions have reached a consensus on the following:” 
“3. Implementing the resolution 2139 that calls for all par- ties to stop waging any attacks against civilians; and to re- frain from the indiscriminate use of weapons on the popu- lated areas, in the manner that includes the indiscriminate bombardment and dropping explosive barrels on civilians, as well as the immediate stoppage of coercive indiscriminate detention, torture and kidnapping, as well as the immediate release of all detainees.” 
“5. We reject overlooking and being silent about the terror- ist groups that the Assad regime summoned to Syria and embraced, while they actually exercise genocide and forced displacements of population as well as introducing demo- graphic change in Syria; such groups include the sectarian militias, the Iranian Republican Guards and the Lebanese Hezbollah. We call for listing these groups on the Terrorism Lists.” 
“9. The UN Security Council stated that it is calling for holding political negotiations and achieving political tran- sition on the basis of Geneva Communiqué. The establish- ment of a transitional governing body has been very clear and explicit in the Communiqué. And thus, we call the UN Envoy to engage directly into the implementation of the Geneva Communiqué in a manner that is surrounded with regional and international guarantees; all without re- verting to any preempted measures or committees formed that would consume time and lead to the rendering of the Geneva Communiqué void of content.” 
“This is a declaration to the great Syrian people and the free- men of the world everywhere. As-Salāmu ‘alaykum wa rah- matullāh wa barakatuh. The Syrian revolution was launched against tyranny, corruption, and oppression, and to achieve justice, transparency, and the recovery of ravished honor and freedom. The revolution resisted what the regime confront- ed it with including various kinds of repression and offence. The Syrian people, the launchers of this revolution, are not able to compromise their human and national rights guar- anteed to them by Islam and all the heavenly religions and the international laws and systems. They will carry on upon their path, holding on to all of its goals, through all legit means. Amongst these means is a political solution in ac- cordance with the following fixed principles: 1) Eliminating Bashar al-Asad and all the pillars of his regime and to bring them before a just trial. 2) Dismantling the tyrannical intel- ligence and military apparatuses and building security and military apparatuses based upon honest national roots while preserving the other state institutions. 3) The expulsion of all the foreign and sectarian terrorist forces from Syria, rep- resented by the Iranian Revolutionary Guard, Hezbollah, Abul-Fadl al-‘Abbās militia, and the Islamic State organi- zation.5 4) Preserving the unity of Syria as a country and 3 “Faylaq ash-Shām” has released deviant statements in the past declaring its loyalty to the Saudi tawāghīt. It is also one of the members of “Jaysh al-Fath” in Idlib. See Dābiq, issue 9, “The Allies of al-Qā’idah in Shām: Part II,” pages 6-7. Note: This faction and other factions also allied to the Jawlānī front released a statement on “25 September 2015” regarding the deaths of the hujjāj in Mina. In the statement, they said, “We offer our condolences to our brotherly Saudi government on its grief and our grief. They have exerted all they could to serve the two noble Haramayn, something no fair person can deny.” 4 Due to the backlash resulting from this declaration, some “Ahrār ash- Shām” leaders attempted to distance themselves from this declaration albeit unofficially through personal social media accounts. Whereas other Sahwah members insist that “Ahrār ash-Shām” approved of the declara- tion during their meeting in Istanbul. Nevertheless, until now, the mo- vement has not officially distanced itself from this declaration despite its name being present as one of the signatories and despite the other signatories all being allies of “Ahrār ash-Shām.” 5 Editor’s Note: The Sahwah factions because of their religion of nati- onalism are not able to differentiate between the Rāfidī apostates (the apostate Iranian Revolutionary Guard, Hezbollah, Abul-Fadl al-‘Abbās 
“Any method followed in negotiations for a political solu- tion while not taking into account the dreams of the Syrian people is an attempt to bypass their goals. Accordingly, it is considered a waste of time. Similarly, any attempt to solve the important issues such as reconstruction, combatting ter- rorism, achieving domestic security and peace, and estab- lishing a constitutional system, while not proceeding from the fixed principles of our great people will not be accepted by the Syrians, because doing so only dwarfs their cause and examines the symptoms while ignoring the root of the prob- lem. Although, we consider that every effort provided to save Syria to be an appreciated effort, we believe that delay- ing the decision on the major issue – which is the departure of al-Asad and his militias, the establishment of a united, independent, national, Syrian state – without guaranteeing any serious promises in this regards, will only increase the complexity of the problem and the depths of the wounds. The Security Council – which is responsible legally, political- ly, and morally to preserve world peace – has failed to defend the Syrian people, contribute in achieving their noble goals, and prevent the occurrence of massacres carried out against them. This is while we see attempts to rehabilitate the regime, even serious endeavors to make it a part of the present and future of Syria. We also see the Security Council ignoring the terrifying massacres that occurred and continue to oc- cur before and after the presidential statement. The national forces who signed this document reaffirm their adherence to the fixed principles of the Syrian people in their glorious revolution and consider that any transgression against these principles to be negligence towards the rights of the Syrians, disdain of their blood and sacrifice, and an effort that will never succeed, because it assumes and enforces a foundation that is rejected legally, politically, and morally.” 
This document was signed by the major factions allied to the Jawlānī front. These factions include “Free Syrian Army” fac- tions, “Harakat Nūr ad-Dīn Zinkī,” the “Shāmiyyah Front,” “Faylaq ash-Shām,” “Jaysh al-Mujāhidīn,” and “Al-Ittihād al-Islāmī li Ajnād ash-Shām.” It was also signed by the secu- larist Syrian National Council, the regional provincial coun- cils belonging to the secularist Syrian National Coalition, Khālid Khawjah (head of the Syrian National Coalition), ‘ Abdul-Jabbār al-‘Akīdī (a former regime colonel, now an ally of the atheist PKK), and even George Sabra and Michel Kilo (Christian opposition politicians). Maybe the strangest point in this declaration is the first point, as Bashar al-Asad is a murtadd tāghūt belonging to the apostate Nusayrī sect and apostate Baath party; it is an obligation to kill him even if he 
“Political offices of the undersigned rebel factions and the Syrian Coalition’s political committee held a meeting and thoroughly studied the proposals put forward by the UN envoy Staffan de Mistura, namely the ‘Working groups’ ini- tiative. After in-depth reviewing of the regional and inter- national reality engulfing the Syrian arena as well as recent sensitive developments with profound field and political in- fluence, and out of our concern for the possibility of launch- ing a new failed political process costing Syrians even more thousands of lives, and more destruction to the remnants of the country‘s infrastructure, we affirm the following points:” 
“First: Participants in the meeting emphasize their commit- ment to reaching a political solution to achieve the goals of the revolution, preserve the identity of the Syrian people and end their suffering. This political process however must en- sure that the current regime is not reproduced or that its head and pillars, whose hands are stained with the blood of Syrians, are not given any role in the transitional political process or in Syria’s future.” 
their cause after five years of regime crimes committed against them with Iranian military support, Russian political coverage and a legitimacy that the international communi- ty still insists on providing to the murderous regime. The current popular outrage must be taken into account in any political process which must be preceded by real steps to win the confidence of the Syrian people. The most important of these steps is to explicitly declare that the head of the regime and its pillars cannot be given any role to play in the political process.” 
“Fourth: Bashar al-Assad has no place in any political pro- cess depending on the following legal and practical reasons: Bashar al-Assad inherited power in an entirely illegal way. Bashar al-Assad became a war criminal the moment he be- gan killing Syrians who peacefully demanded their rights. He used illegal chemical weapons against innocent civilians. These crimes have been documented by neutral internation- al organizations to prevent any doubt in the matter. Bashar al-Assad and his regime have shown utmost reluctance to engage in any political process, have not abided by any de- clared truces, and have shown non-cooperation with the in- ternational community purely with humanitarian issues. All of this has left him with no credibility or confidence. While Bashar al-Assad and his regime have failed in their alleged war against ISIS or to achieve any intellectual or field vic- tory against this extremist organization, there is compelling evidence on full coordination between the two sides and the role Assad’s regime plays in the emergence of ISIS.6 Bashar al-Assad has opened the doors of Syria to foreign militias who commit the worst sectarian massacres at the same time 
6 Editor’s Note: There is no cooperation between the Islamic State and the Nusayrī regime except in the lies of those who have been intoxi- cated by conspiracy theory shirk. The Islamic State does not cooperate with the Nusayriyyah, rather it massacres them and their forces as it has done in the former regime military encampments in Wilāyat ar-Raqqah, Tadmur, and as-Sukhnah. It is battling them fiercely in Halab, Hims, Hamāh, al-Barakah, and al-Khayr. The Nusayrī jets regularly target Is- lamic State frontlines, buildings, fighters, and subjects in ar-Raqqah, al-Bāb, al-Mayādīn, and elsewhere. But partisanship, nationalism, and conspiracy theory shirk is what drives the sahwāt into fabricating claims of cooperation, because the sahwāt themselves are used to cooperating and being slaves of the crusaders and tawāghīt, they imagine that every entity must also be cooperating with and enslaved by other crusaders and tawāghīt, as walā’ and barā’ is a nonexistent creed in the dead hearts of the sahwāt. See also Dābiq, issue 9, “Conspiracy Theory Shirk,” pages 14-19. 
“Fifth: We consider that dissolving the security agencies and the restructuring of the military institution directly respon- sible for killing Syrians an essential item for any political solution. This beleaguered and crumbling military institu- tion has turned into sectarian militias led by Iran. It cannot therefore form the nucleus of a national army, nor can it be trusted by the Syrian people to restore security and stability to the country.” 
“Seventh: We consider that proposing the ‘Working groups’ initiative ignores the majority of the relevant United Nations resolutions on Syria, particularly resolutions 2118, 2165 and 2139. This initiative is in fact a complicated political process that requires confidence-building between the Syrian people on the one hand and the party that will sponsor the political process, namely the United Nations. Confidence-building can only be achieved through the implementation of the above-mentioned UN resolutions that the Syrian regime has so far disabled them.” 
“Ninth: We condemn Russia’s direct military escalation in Syria and consider the Syrian regime fully responsible as it has turned Syria into a hotbed for foreign intervention. The silence of the international community also bears responsi- bility for this escalation and represents a point of no return in the relationship between the Syrian people and Russia. This escalation clearly shows that Russia is not serious or sin- cere in its commitment to the political process, and that it has never been a honest mediator but a party to the conflict and a key ally of the criminal regime.” 
This deviant declaration reeking of nationalism and democ- racy was signed again by the major allies of the Jawlānī front in Shām including “Ahrār ash-Shām.” It was equally signed by the Syrian National Coalition (the tāghūt “Syrian Interim Government”) and some of the factions allied to the PKK atheists. Again, there is no such thing as walā’ and barā’ in the creed of these factions, which is the reality of all the na- tionalist “Islamic” factions allied to the Jawlānī front. They are apostate parties that have no religion except factional interests. If the success of their faction or the preservation of their leadership necessitates worshipping the United Na- tions, democracy, or nationalism, then they worship these idols. Because they need to attract naïve fighters, they offer the occasional “Islamic” message domestically or quote some verses of the Qur’ān here or there. However, the end mission is the establishment of a nationalist, democratic tāghūt. For this reason, one of the “jihādī” allies of the Jawlānī front – “Jund al-Aqsā” – could no longer tolerate the condition of the factions and released a statement announcing its with- drawal from “Jaysh al-Fath.” They explained the reason for their decision as follows: 
“Our recent withdrawal from Jaysh al-Fath has a number of reasons. A) Some of the factions in Jaysh al-Fath support missions contradicting the Islamic Sharī’ah. This is clear in the last De Mistura statement released in which the sixth clause dictates: ‘Respecting the will of the Syrian people; as the Syrians are the sole beholders of the power for founding the Constitution of the future Syria and approving each of its articles. This means that there should be no prior princi- 
ples imposed on the people as a way for confiscating their free will’! There were other clauses in the document that we consider to oppose the Sharī’ah including the welcoming of Turkish intervention and other defeatist statements.” They then announce their willingness to return to “Jaysh al-Fath” under some conditions, including, “All the factions of Jaysh al-Fath have to clarify openly and clearly their position to- wards all the missions contradicting the implementation of Sharī’ah.” Although their statement fell short of declaring war against these jāhilī factions, it does show that the matter has become so clear it should no longer require any more clarification from Dābiq. 
As for the Jawlānī front, will they now repent from their treachery and apostasy and distance themselves from their nationalist “Islamic” allies whom they allied together with against the Islamic State despite knowing very well of the na- tionalist apostasy within these factions? Will they wage war against them and return to the ranks of the Islamic State? It seems that their partisanship and love for leadership has outdone them, and they will continue to remain in the ranks of the Sahwah until their own allies turn on them. And Allah knows best. 
Finally, it is the apostate Sahwah coalition – the nationalist factions and their jihād claimant allies – and their likes inside and outside of Shām who united against the Islamic State that Shaykh Abū Muhammad al-‘Adnānī (hafidhahullāh) pronounced takfīr upon when he said, “We likewise renew our call to the soldiers of the factions in Shām and Libya. We call on them to think long before embarking to fight the Islamic State, which rules by that which Allah revealed. Remember, O you afflicted by fitnah, before embarking to fight the Islamic State, that there is no place on the face of the Earth where the Sharī’ah of Allah is implemented and the rule is entirely for Allah except for the lands of the Is- lamic State. Remember that if you were able to capture one hand span, one village, or one city from it, the law of Allah in that area would be replaced with the laws of men. Then ask yourself, ‘What is the ruling on someone who replaces or is a cause for the replacement of the law of Allah with the law of man?’ Yes, you commit kufr by such. So beware, for by fighting the Islamic State you fall into kufr whether you real- ize it or not” [O Our People Respond to the Caller of Allah]. 
In a later address, he reiterated that the Islamic State does not differentiate between their various individual intentions. This is because these factions have entered into a single al- liance in which the upper hand is for nationalist apostasy, a reality not hidden now from their lowest-ranking soldiers. Accordingly, no matter how much some of them empha- size an “intention” to implement the “Sharī’ah,” supremacy within their alliance against the Islamic State is certainly not for the Sharī’ah, rather it is for those who forcefully resist the Sharī’ah and most of its clear-cut laws including mani- festation of walā’ and barā’, the implementation of hudūd, 
Therefore, Shaykh Abū Muhammad al-‘Adnānī said, “As for you, O factions of apostasy and treachery, O factions of disgrace everywhere, O scum. Is it not time you learn a les- son from your predecessors from amongst the factions all the long years in Iraq? Did you not benefit from the lessons you were taught in Shām? … By Allah’s permission, we are coming to you (O soldiers of the factions). And by Allah, we hold you as pitiful. So take these words from us and under- stand them. … We know that your intentions, goals, and conditions are various. Some of you fight us because of our religion, as you don’t want an Islamic state, out of dislike for the law of Allah, in support of the tawāghīt, and while being content with manmade laws. These are a small selection of you. Many of you fight us despite claiming to want imple- mentation of the law of Allah. But they have deviated and not found the correct path. Some of you fight us thinking we are a barbaric enemy against the Muslims. Others fight for the sake of the Dunyā or a salary from the factions. Oth- ers fight out of pride and bravery. And others have other various forms of intentions and evil. But know that we do not differentiate between these intents and goals and that our ruling upon you after overpowering you is one: a bullet splitting the head or a sharp knife inside the neck” [Say to Those Who Disbelieve, “You Will Be Overcome”]. 
If those holding supposedly good intentions were truthful, they would abandon the Sahwah alliance, repent from their apostasy, pronounce takfīr upon their former allies, and wage war against them, not against the Islamic State. Shaykh Abū Muhammad al-‘Adnānī advised the Sahwah soldiers, “By Al- lah’s permission, O soldiers of the factions, we are coming to wherever you might be even if after some time. We did not come initially for you, so do not stand in the face of the mujāhidīn. Whoever throws his weapons aside and repents is safe. Whoever sits in the masjid and repents is safe. Who- ever enters his home, closes his door, and repents, is safe. Whoever from the factions and brigades abandons the war against us and repents is safe. They are safe concerning their lives and wealth despite the severity of their former enmity towards the mujāhidīn and despite the amount of transgres- sion they’d committed before. O Allah, we have conveyed, so witness” [Say to Those Who Disbelieve, “You Will Be Overcome”]. 
Probably the most memorable day after September 11th for many muwahhidīn was the day the Islamic State was an- nounced nine years ago in Iraq (Ramadān 1427). It was a state based upon tawhīd and jihād with a Qurashī imām. It was a foundation for the future khilāfah. Its leadership disbelieved in defeatist compromise and relied upon Allah alone, even if such entailed being fought by the entire camp of kufr and deviance. 
A few months later, the Iraqi Sahwah was launched. The Americans provided corrupt tribes and partisan factions with the incentive and aid for the newly formed Sahwah to wage a treacherous war against the Islamic State. The Is- lamic State then, in 1427-1428AH, began losing territory to these crusader-backed apostates. It was experiencing just some of the tests and tribulations that all truthful believers face, as in the hadīth, “The people who face the severest tribulations are the Prophets, then those most like them, then those most like them. A person is tested with trib- ulation to the extent of his religious practice. If his prac- tice is strong, the tribulation he faces is stronger. And if his practice is weak, the tribulation he faces is in accordance with his religious practice” [Sahīh: Reported by at-Tirmidhī from Sa’d Ibn Abī Waqqās]. 
During the tumult of this Sahwah conspiracy, a point came in which it appeared to the weak-hearted that the Islamic State would be a legend of the past, reminding us of the Battle of al-Ahzāb {when they came at you from above you and from below you, and when eyes turned upwards [in fear], and hearts reached the throats and you assumed about Allah various assumptions. There the believers were tested and shaken severely. And remember when the hypocrites and those in whose hearts is disease said, “Allah and His 
And despite these great tribulations; a man spoke out with a truthful tongue and sincere heart; we consider him such and Allah is his judge. He was the recently appointed Amīr of the Believers, Shaykh Abū ‘Umar al-Husaynī al-Baghdādī (may Allah accept him). He spoke his words holding good assumptions about Allah, being certain of Allah’s promise, and having no doubts that Allah would ever forsake them. He said in his famous speech “The Harvest of the Years by the State of the Muwahhidīn,” released six months after the declaration of the Islamic State in Iraq and during the dark waves of the Sahwah: 
“The Islamic State is bāqiyah (remaining). It is bāqiyah be- cause it was built from the corpses of the shuhadā’ and it was watered with their blood, and by this the market of Jan- nah was convened. It is bāqiyah because the success granted by Allah in this jihād is clearer than the sun in the middle of the sky. It is bāqiyah because it was not soiled by harām income nor a distorted methodology. It is bāqiyah by the truthfulness of the leaders who sacrificed their blood and the truthfulness of the soldiers who raised it with their fore- arms; we consider them such, and Allah is their judge. It is bāqiyah because it united the mujāhidīn and is the refuge of the oppressed. It is bāqiyah because Islam has begun to rise and climb, the dark cloud has begun to scatter, and kufr has begun to be defeated and exposed. It is bāqiyah because it is the supplication of the oppressed, the tear of the bereaved, the cry of the prisoner, and the hope of the 
orphan. It is bāqiyah because kufr in all its religions and sects gathered against it and because every treacherous and cowardly person of desire and heresy began to slander and defame it; so we became certain of the truthfulness of the goal and correctness of the path. It is bāqiyah because we are upon certainty that Allah will not break the hearts of the oppressed muwahhidīn and He will not let the oppressive people rejoice over such a defeat. It is bāqiyah because Allah c promised in His explicit revelation by saying, {Allah has promised those who have believed among you and done righteous deeds that He will surely grant them succession to authority upon the Earth just as He granted it to those be- fore them and that He will surely establish for them therein their religion which He has preferred for them and that He will surely substitute for them, after their fear, security} [An- Nūr: 55]. {And Allah is predominant over His affair, but most of the people do not know} [Yūsuf: 21].” 
ing in the cities of Iraq, and shar’ī judges to refer to for those who sought them. The hypocritical jihād claimants began bashing it by claiming it was the so-called mistakes of the Islamic State that brought about the Sahwah, when there was no root for the Sahwah save the dormant but lurking hypocrisy in the hearts of the corrupt criminals, partisan factions, and deviant heretics. And the historic word “bāqi- yah” continued to echo in the hearts of the mujāhidīn. 
It was not but a few years later that the Islamic State made a great comeback on the scene of Iraq. At the same time, it had entered into Shām and prepared the foundation for wilāyāt there. The words “The Islamic State is bāqiyah” filled the air and echoed before this and also thereafter in various addresses of the Islamic State leadership. The Islam- ic State not only remained in Iraq, it had spread to the Ara- bian Peninsula, Shām, North and West Africa, Khurāsān, al-Qawqāz, and elsewhere. 
In the Name of Allah, the Lord of all things, who permitted marriage and prohibited fornication, created us from a sin- gle soul, created from that soul its mate, and dispersed from the two of them many men and women. May blessings and peace be upon the Prophet and Messenger who disciplined and taught his companions, and upon those who are guided by his Sunnah and follow him with excellence until the Day of Judgment. As for what follows: 
Indeed, when the Sharī’ah of our Lord was eliminated, the laws and rulings of the kuffār gained power in the lands of the Muslims, Islam was shamefully abandoned, and faces turned towards promiscuous Europe, the voice of falsehood rose and with it the voices of those hostile towards the peo- ple of the religion, and the cancer of those who legislate besides Allah c ate away at the Ummah’s body. They pro- hibited what He permitted, and permitted what He prohib- ited, and one of the most manifest things that they ruined and defamed in defense of women and their rights – as they claimed – was polygyny. They utilized their podiums to that end, including the podiums of the kufrī parliaments and the secular TV channels, and placed on these podiums howling dogs, fools who do not perceive nor know their foolishness. Their poisoned words crept into the hearts of women from the lands of the Muslims, to the point that we almost couldn’t find a single woman that is accepting of this issue, except for those whom Allah protected. 
ry those that please you of [other] women, two or three or four. But if you fear that you will not be just, then [marry only] one or those your right hand possesses. That is more suitable that you may not incline [to injustice]} [An-Nisā’: 3]. This is a verse as clear as the sun that does not require extensive explanation or interpretation. Therefore, O slaves of Allah, you may marry two, three, or four women, unless you fear that you will have shortcomings in your fairness towards them or will fail to fulfill their rights, in which case you suffice with one wife. Ibn Kathīr r said, “His state- ment {two or three or four} [An-Nisā’: 3] means marry any women you wish apart from the orphans. If one of you wishes he may marry two, and if he wishes, three, and if he wishes, four.” 
What’s strange is that the Jews and the Christians taunt the Muslims with respect to polygyny, yet if they were to look into their own books they would’ve known that it was something present in their religions, for it is stated in their books that Ya’qūb n had two wives and two concubines, and that Dāwūd n had a number of wives and concubines, as mentioned in 2 Samuel [5: 13] and 1 Samuel [25: 42 – 
They also stated Rahba’ām (Rehoboam) Ibn Sulaymān, who according to them succeeded his father in kingship, had 18 wives and 60 concubines. Thus, the men of the previous nations used to take many wives, and doing so was permit- ted in the sharī’ah of those before us. Then the Sharī’ah of Islam came and defined a specific number of wives that no Muslim is allowed to exceed, that number being four. As for concubines, then there is no limit. 
Sālim reported from his father that Ghaylān Ibn Salamah ath-Thaqafī embraced Islam while married to ten wom- en. So the Prophet g said to him, “Choose four of them” [At-Tirmidhī reported it in “The Book of Marriage” and titled the subsection, “Chapter: What Has Come Concern- ing a Man Who Embraces Islam While Having Ten Wives;” Ibn Mājah also reported it in “The Book of Marriage” and titled the subsection, “Chapter: A Man Embraces Islam While Having More than Four Wives”]. 
Also from the wisdoms of polygyny is that the woman, by her nature, has her life interrupted by phases in which she is unable to fulfill the rights of her husband, as is the case with menstruation, childbirth, and postpartum bleeding. So during such phases he can find in his other wives what should prevent him from falling into forbidden or suspi- cious matters. But, by Allah, if there were no virtue in po- lygyny other than the fact that it’s a prophetic Sunnah from the best of mankind, we would have sufficed with that as a proof with which we would deafen the ears of the stubborn opponents. 
How much does it eat at my soul to openly mention a re- ality that makes the heart of a muwahhid bleed, that reality being that the opposition to polygyny, whether directly or indirectly, has gone beyond the blind women and now sits in the hearts of some of the female seekers of knowledge and women who adhere to the bulk of the shar’ī rulings. This became so after the calls of the enemies of Allah, the 
And it saddens me to say that with some of them, the mat- ter may reach the point of pronouncing a statement of kufr – and Allah’s refuge is sought – or a statement that could imply kufr, and Allah’s help is sought. You find her say- ing, with the Shaytān having inflated her with falsehood, “Anything but polygyny, anything but this ruling. O Allah forgive me, but I can’t handle it, neither for myself nor for others.” One woman even said to me when I was talking to her, “Do you want me to commit kufr and thereby aposta- tize? If I saw him with another woman it would be a fitnah for me with respect to my religious adherence, and I would leave my home and wander about in loss!” And another woman asked her friend, “What would you prefer? That Al- lah frees your husband after being imprisoned for years and he would then marry a second woman, or that he remain imprisoned and not do do?” So she answered her saying blatantly, “I prefer that he remain imprisoned, for that is easier on me than for him to marry a second wife!” My Lord, have mercy on us! For a Muslim, muwahhid husband to remain imprisoned by the Rāfidah or other kuffār and be subjected to the worst kinds of torture is easier on the jeal- ous woman than for him to come out of prison and practice a law from the laws of Allah?! This is all in addition to other dangerous statements which the woman doesn’t really think much about, but which may cast her into the fire of Hell, and Allah’s refuge is sought. 
And how many women in the lands of the Muslims display their “discontent” towards polygyny! I sat with some such women and advised them, and I found that with many of them the tone of their speech bears witness that this “dis- content” is in fact a hatred of the ruling itself, even if the cursed Iblīs has sugarcoated it for the woman and down- played it for her, saying, “It’s only that you don’t want it for your husband, so you can’t be blamed!” So here I warn her, and I remind her of the statement of Allah c, {But no, by your Lord, they will not believe until they make you judge concerning that over which they dispute among themselves and then find within themselves no discomfort from what you have judged and submit in submission} [An-Nisā’: 65]. So where is your submission and where is your obedience to the command of your Lord and and His wisdom? You were not named a “Muslimah” to to begin with except because you’ve submitted to Allah with tawhīd and yielded to Him with obedience! 
of women, except that as soon as you mention this issue they completely flip and almost promote the slogans of sec- ularism without even realizing it. And there is no ability nor might except with Allah. Rather, from amongst them is she who praises Allah that her husband was killed before taking multiple wives, and to Allah we belong and to Him we will return! To her likes I say: Why did you make hijrah? Wasn’t it to establish the Sharī’ah of Allah in the land? And isn’t po- lygyny a part of this Sharī’ah? Know then that the One who has honored the Muslim woman and has given her rights that protect her from the plots of the wicked is the very One who has permitted for the man to marry those that please him of women. And based on that, it is not permissible for a woman who believes in Allah and the Last Day to argue concerning the Sharī’ah of Allah, accepting what pleases her and rejecting what goes against her desires. Bishr al-Hāfī r (died 227AH) said, “All calamities lie in following your de- sires, and all cures lie in opposing them” [Sifat as-Safwah]. 
And indeed, this religion is a whole that cannot be divided. Allah c said, {So do you believe in part of the Scripture and disbelieve in part? Then what is the recompense for those who do that among you except disgrace in worldly life; and on the Day of Resurrection they will be sent back to the severest of punishment. And Allah is not unaware of what you do} [Al-Baqarah: 85]. So beware, my sister, of be- ing from amongst such people, and beware of letting your blind jealousy lead you to disliking this shar’ī ruling, for it is feared that you would thereby fall into apostasy, as Allah b said, {That is because they disliked what Allah revealed, so He rendered worthless their deeds} [Muhammad: 9]. Imām Ibn Qayyim al-Jawziyyah r stated when comment- ing on the āyah, {O you who have believed, do not raise your voices above the voice of the Prophet or be loud to him in speech like the loudness of some of you to others, lest your deeds become worthless while you perceive not} [Al-Hujurāt: 2], “So if raising their voices above his voice was a cause for rendering their deeds void, then how much more so is advancing and raising their opinions, intellects, personal tastes, politics, and experience over that which he came with? Is this not more befitting of being a cause for rendering their deeds void?” [I’lām al-Muwaqqi’īn]. 
And every Muslimah should know that it is normal for her to be jealous and feel sad if her husband marries another woman, and we are not better than the Mother of the Be- lievers, the pure siddīqah, daughter of as-Siddīq, ‘Ā’ishah, of whose jealousy much has been narrated. However, she nev- er opposed what Allah had permitted and did not prevent her husband – the Prophet g – from marrying another woman. Ā’ishah (may Allah be pleased with her and with her father) never stood in his way saying, “It’s either me or her. Divorce me and marry her.” Far be it from her to do so! 
the women – will say to you, “If he loved you, he wouldn’t have married another woman while being married to you.” So say to him or her, “Our Prophet g married seven wom- en after ‘Ā’ishah while she was the most beloved person to him, and his love for her did not weaken or decrease, until our Lord allowed him to pass away in her room with his head between her chest and her neck. May my mother and father be sacrificed for him!” 
He will also say to you, “You never had any shortcomings in any of your dealings with him, so where does he get the right to marry another woman while being married to you?” So say to him, “Even if I were from the most per- fect of women, and the best of them in character, beauty, knowledge, and manners, the Legislator has not exempted me from amongst other women, and has given the man the right to marry a second, a third, or a fourth woman!” 
The whisperer, whether human or jinn, will also say to you, “You can prevent him, make things difficult for him, make his life unpleasant, and incite the children against him.” So say to him, “Yes, I can, and indeed the schemes of wom- en are tremendous, as our Lord has described, but where would I be with respect to having fear of my Lord b? And where would I be with respect to Him making things diffi- cult for me in the Dunyā, and His questioning of me in the Hereafter, if I oppose what He has allowed and hate what He has permitted?!” 
He will also say to you, “You will not bear seeing your hus- band with another wife, and it’ll inevitably be a fitnah for you with respect to your religious adherence!” So say to him, “It will not be a fitnah for me, and Allah is my protector. Allah will not abandon me when I have submitted to His wisdom and yielded to His law!” Then with the statement of Allah c, cut off from them the channels through which they try to blow and inflate you with falsehood: {It is not for a believing man or a believing woman, when Allah and His Messenger have decided a matter, that they should have any choice about their affair. And whoever disobeys Allah and His Messenger has certainly strayed into clear error} [Al-Ahzāb: 36]. 
And my advice to you, my sister, O wife of a man who prac- tices polygyny: I know with certainty that there is no jihād more difficult for a slave than jihād against one’s inner self. Indeed, Ibnul-Qayyim r said, “The most obligatory jihād is to wage jihād against one’s inner self, against one’s desires, against the Shaytān, and against the Dunyā. So whoever wages jihād against these four things for the sake of Allah, Allah will guide him upon the paths to attain His pleasure, which lead him to His Paradise” [Al-Fawā’id]. So if you wage jihād against this inner self that persistently incites you to do evil, place a barrier between you and the whispers of the retreater (Shaytān), restrain your jealousy with the 
As for the second issue, then I wish to remind the men, both those who have multiple wives and those who intend to take multiple wives, to fear Allah b, and also remember that oppression will be darkness on the Day of Judgment, and that the crooked side of your body will not be rectified by the wife whom you crookedly inclined to in the Dunyā, thereby oppressing another of your wives in the process and falling short in your duties towards her and mistreating her. That day {a man will flee from his brother and his mother and his father and his wife and his children} [‘Abas: 34-36]. 
Furthermore, the frontiers of the Islamic State – may Allah grant it victory – have increased in number and its front- lines have multiplied after all the paths of kufr and nifāq allied together to wage war against it, and no war takes place except that there are people killed on both sides, as Allah c said, {Indeed, Allah has purchased from the believers their lives and their properties [in exchange] for that they will have Paradise. They fight in the cause of Allah, so they kill and are killed} [At-Tawbah: 111]. 
How many a shahīd ascends from this Dunyā – we consider him so, and Allah is his judge – and leaves behind a grieving wife and orphaned children. So who after Allah c is willing to take care of them? If one of the Sahābah j were killed and he had a wife, the others would race one another to propose to her once she had completed her ‘iddah, each one wanting to help preserve her honor and become the guardian of an orphan, knowing that his reward is with the Master b. And I used to always say to my Muslim sisters, “Allah b says, {Never will you attain the good [reward] un- til you spend from that which you love. And whatever you spend – indeed, Allah is Knowing of it} [Āli ‘Imrān: 92], and the husband is from amongst that which the wife loves, so why doesn’t she spend from him, seeking the face of her Lord, by being content with him marrying another wom- an?” Let every sister just put herself in the shoes of the wife of a shahīd and sacrifice some of the selfishness that is a part of our nature! 
So pay no attention to the statements of unprincipled wom- en whose sources of reference are vile plays and soap operas. Rather, let your example be the women of the prophetic household l. And every sister should know that when her husband wants to marry another woman, it’s not obligatory for him to consult her, nor to seek her permission, nor to try and appease her. If he does that, it is an act of generosity on his part and a means of preserving the companionship be- tween the two of them. So be content, my sister, submit to Allah with obedience, and yield to His law. And if a woman does this, then it is fitting for the Most Generous to increase her rewards in the Dunyā and the Hereafter. 
Here, I also wish to address the men, both those who have multiple wives and those who intend to take multiple wives, and remind them of two matters. The first is that the wom- an, as is known, was created from a curved rib, so if you, our brother, have made the decision to marry a second, then I remind you by Allah to be gentle with her and speak softly to her, and be extremely patient and tolerating when you inform her of your intent. Don’t be afraid of her initial reac- tion, be patient with her, and use in your advice the words of Allah c and the hadīth of His Prophet g. And if she’s stubborn, then frighten her with the Almighty and remind her that this is a part of this Sharī’ah, and that we are in a state whose system of rule is khilāfah upon prophetic meth- odology inshā’allāh. If, however, she refuses and is arrogant then I say to you what Allah b said addressing the best of those who walked the earth: {O Prophet, why do you pro- hibit [yourself from] what Allah has made lawful for you, seeking the approval of your wives? And Allah is Forgiv- ing and Merciful} [At-Tahrīm: 1]. Imām at-Tabarī r says, “The people of knowledge differed over which lawful mat- ter Allah had permitted for His Messenger and His Messen- ger then prohibited himself from. Some of them said that it was Māriyah, his Coptic slave-girl, whom he prohibited for himself with an oath that he would not come near her, thereby seeking to please his wife Hafsah Bint ‘Umar, be- cause she had become jealous of Māriyah being alone with Allah’s Messenger g on her day and in her room. Others said that it was something he used to drink and which he liked. The correct statement on this issue is to say that what the Prophet g prohibited for himself was something that Allah had made lawful for him, and it’s possible that it was his slave-girl, and it’s possible that it was a type of drink, and it’s possible that it was something other than that, but what- ever it was, he prohibited for himself something that was lawful for him so Allah admonished him for prohibiting something that He had made lawful for him and declared the dissolution of the oath which he had taken and that it 
As the soldiers of the Khilāfah continue waging war on the forces of kufr, we take a glimpse at a number of recent operations conducted by the mujāhidīn of the Islamic State that have succeeded in expanding the territory of the Khilāfah or terrorizing, massacring, and humiliating the enemies of Allah. These operations are merely a selection of the numerous operations that the Islamic State has conducted on various fronts across many regions over the course of the last two months. 
Wilāyat al-Khayr - On Wednesday the 25th of Dhul- Qa’dah, the soldiers of the Khilāfah carried out an assault on the forward defense position for the missile battalion base at the Dayr az-Zawr military airbase and succeeded in taking control of the position. Two istishhādī operations were then carried out by our brothers Abū Ayman ash- Shāmī and Abul-Khansā’ al-Himsī using a tank and a BMP rigged with explosives. They targeted two groups of Nusayrī soldiers inside the battalion base, and their attacks were fol- lowed by an assault in which the mujāhidīn succeeded in taking complete control of the base and capturing a large quantity of ghanīmah. One month later, the mujāhidīn would score another major victory in their ongoing efforts to capture the Dayr az-Zawr airbase. In a string of bless- ed operations, the soldiers of the Khilāfah, by Allah’s grace, succeeded in capturing a number of strategic points in the 
Wilāyat al-Barakah - On Wednesday the 1st of Dhul-Hijjah, our brother Abū ‘Amr al-Barakah succeeded in breaching PKK security checkpoints in the city of al-Barakah and at- tacked the murtaddīn’s public relations headquarters locat- ed on the outskirts of the Mushayrifah neighborhood. He detonated his explosive vehicle, destroying the headquar- ters, killing nearly 30 murtaddīn, and wounding several others. May Allah accept him amongst the shuhadā’. 
Bengal - On Monday the 14th of Dhul-Hijjah, a security cell comprised of the Khilāfah’s soldiers in Bangladesh targeted and killed the Italian crusader Cesare Tavella, following him on one of the streets of the city of Dhaka and shooting him with a silencer. Just five days later, they struck again, tar- geting Kunio Hoshi, a citizen of Japan, one of the member nations of the crusader coalition. He was closely tracked and eliminated in the city of Rangpur using a firearm. Just three weeks later, on the 10th of Muharram, the mujāhidīn detonated a number of IEDs on the Dālān temple in the city of Dhaka as the Rāfidah were conducting their shirkī rituals, killing and wounding nearly 100 of them. Eleven days later, the mujāhidīn assaulted a checkpoint in Dhaka, killing one policeman and wounding another. 
Wilāyat ‘Adan Abyan - On Tuesday the 22nd of Dhul- Hijjah, four istishhādī operations targeted a gathering of Saudi, Emirati, and Yemeni officers and pounded the Yeme- ni government’s headquarters. The first was carried out by our brother Abū Sa’d al-‘Adanī, who detonated his explosive truck at the Palace Hotel, which served as the government’s headquarters. He was followed by the second istishhādī, Abū Muhammad as-Sahlī, who detonated his explosive Hummer at the same location, killing the murtadd soldiers present there. The third istishhādī attack was carried out by our brother Aws al-‘Adanī targeting the Saudi and Emirati forces’ central operations base. He detonated his explosive 
Wilāyat Halab - On Friday the 25th of Dhul-Hijjah, clashes took place after the soldiers of the Khilāfah stealthily ad- vanced towards Sahwah positions on Thursday night. The murtaddīn withdrew from their positions and the soldiers of the Khilāfah took control of the strategic infantry school. Meanwhile, another series of clashes that had begun on Thursday night continued for a number of hours and ended with the soldiers of the Khilāfah taking control of extensive territory in other parts of the northern countryside. The captured areas included the regions of al-Hurrah, Tall Sha’īr, and Mazāri’ Sūsiyān, as well as the cement factory and the small juvenile prison, and the villages of Fāfīn, Tall Qarrāh, Tall Sūsīn, and Kafr Qāris. A dozen Sahwah fighters were killed and a number of others imprisoned during the course of the operation, and the mujāhidīn captured light and heavy weapons and an assortment of ammo as ghanīmah. Two Sahwah convoys then attempted to flee from the vil- lage of Tall Qarrāh. The soldiers of the Khilāfah, however, were lying in wait for them and succeeded in ambushing and completely destroying both convoys and killing more than 40 murtaddīn, with not a single Sahwah fighter es- caping, walhamdulillāh. Just two days later, on the 27th of Dhul-Hijjah, the soldiers of the Khilāfah took control of two storehouses in the village of Tall Sūsīn specifically desig- nated for fighting the Islamic State in the northern country- side. The storehouses contained large quantities of all types of ammo, as well as light, medium, and heavy weapons, and some American weapons, in addition to shells, artillery cannons, wireless devices, night vision scopes, and other military equipment. This string of victories demonstrated the mujāhidīn’s ability to make rapid and significant gains against the sahwāt despite intense crusader aerial bombard- ment, and set the stage for further advances in the northern countryside. 
Wilāyat Hamāh - On Saturday the 10th of Muharram, the soldiers of the Khilāfah launched a surprise assault on important Nusayrī checkpoints along the regime’s supply route to the city of Halab between the regions of Athriyā and Khanāsir. The assault began with two istishhādī op- erations targeting the Athriyā checkpoint and continued towards the road leading to Khanāsir. During the course of the operation, which sought to cut off the Nusayrī re- gime’s main arteries between Halab, Hamāh, and Hims, the soldiers of the Khilāfah succeeded in capturing 17 military checkpoints along the road, and approximately 70 Nusayrī soldiers were killed. They likewise succeeded in destroy- ing three tanks after targeting them with antitank missiles. With the Islamic State’s capture of this section of the road 
and the checkpoints it contained, the Nusayrī regime’s sup- ply route to the city of Halab and its countryside was com- pletely cut off. The Nusayrī regime made a failed attempt to recapture some of the points it had lost, summoning a convoy of reinforcements. The soldiers of the Khilāfah con- fronted them and succeeded in completely destroying the convoy and killing its personnel. They also captured a num- ber of tanks and BMPs, two Shilkas, two 120mm artillery cannons, a 37mm artillery cannon, and nearly 10 Dushka and 14.5mm machine guns as ghanīmah, in addition to a number of light weapons and various types of ammo. Bat- tles continued for several days as the mujāhidīn continued advancing, capturing 6 more checkpoints and two hills, in addition to the heavily fortified Athriyā pumping station. The Nusayrī regime made several attempts throughout the week to recapture the locations it had lost, summoning one convoy of reinforcements after another. Their increased des- peration led them to rely on dozens of Russian airstrikes as well as Iranian Revolutionary Guard forces and Rāfidī militias in an attempt to reverse the gains made by the mu- jāhidīn, demonstrating the extent to which the Islamic State has worn down the Nusayrī army, rendering it largely im- potent without the support of its Rāfidī and Russian allies. 
Wilāyat North Baghdad - On Tuesday the 13th of Mu- harram, during the course of the Battle of Abū Ziyād az-Zaydī (may Allah accept him), the soldiers of the Khilā- fah carried out a major assault launched from three points against Safawī army barracks and bases at the Sāmarrā’ Dam. They captured a number of barracks and burned a number of others, and also took several vehicles as ghanīmah. Our brother Abū ‘Abdir-Rahmān al-Jazrāwī then carried out an istishhādī operation with an explosive water tank targeting Safawī soldiers and Rāfidī fighters near the Saytāk Center at the Sāmarrā’ Dam. He succeeded in killing and wound- ing dozens of them, and was followed by our brother Abū Mus’ab al-Misrī who carried out another istishhādī opera- tion with a ZiL truck carrying 14 tons of highly explosive substances. He pounded a convoy of murtaddīn assembled at the dam, and was followed by a third istishhādī opera- tion carried out by our brother Abū Muhammad at-Tājīkī. He targeted another group of murtaddīn with his explosive vehicle, killing and wounding dozens of them as a major retreat was taking place by the Safawī army and its Rāfidī militias. 
harram, the soldiers of the Khilāfah carried out a major assault on Safawī army and Rāfidī Mobilization locations from several points in the regions located west of Sāmar- rā’, including the regions of ash-Sharīf ‘Abbās, al-Khuzaymī Street, al-‘Abbāsiyyah, and the dam. Four istishhādī oper- ations were carried out with explosive vehicles targeting groups of Safawī soldiers and Rāfidī Mobilization fighters near the highway between Sāmarrā’ and Tikrīt, and another two groups west of Sāmarrā’, one of which was a group of vehicles. The operations succeeded in killing and wounding dozens of murtaddīn and destroying several vehicles. The soldiers of the Khilāfah then attacked Safawī army and Rā- fidī Mobilization barracks with various types of weapons in the district of al-Huwaysh northwest of Sāmarrā’, burning the barracks as well as three Hummers. During the course of the ongoing battles west of the city of Sāmarrā’, the soldiers of the Khilāfah assaulted and captured 8 Safawī army bar- racks in the region of al-Lāyin after those inside the barracks fled. They then continued their advance and completely captured the regions of ash-Sharīf ‘Abbās, al-Lāyin, and Sāmarrā’ Silo. The mujāhidīn also captured dozens of vehi- cles as ghanīmah, in addition to light, medium, and heavy weapons, mortar rounds, and various equipment. They also took control of the road between the cities of Tikrīt and Sāmarrā’, and captured three vehicles as ghanīmah, two of which were mounted with heavy machine guns, in addition to a bulldozer and two Kornet missiles. 
Wilāyat Dimashq - In an operation that began on the night of Saturday the 17th of Muharram, the soldiers of the Khilāfah launched a major assault on the town of Mahīn west of the city of al-Qaryatayn. Our brother Abū Nāsir ash-Shāmī carried out an istishhādī operation with an ex- plosive vehicle, targeting and blowing up the A’lāf check- point on the outskirts of the town. The mujāhidīn then assaulted Nusayrī positions and succeeded in capturing the town, whose strategic importance lies in the fact that it’s located just 10km off the highway between Hims and Di- mashq and near the Shu’ayrāt military airbase. In addition, the mujāhidīn succeeded in capturing the weapons store- houses there. 
Wilāyat Saynā’ – On Saturday, the 17th of Muharram, the soldiers of the Khilāfah succeeded in downing a Russian air- liner above Wilāyat Saynā’ with more than 220 Russian cru- saders onboard, all of whom were killed, walhamdulillāh. This was to show the Russians and whoever allies with them that they will have no safety in the lands and airspace of the Muslims, that their daily killing of dozens in Shām through their airstrikes will only bring them calamities, and that just as they kill, they will be killed, by Allah’s permission. 
Burj al-Barājinah located in the southern suburb of Beirut, a Hizbul-Lāt stronghold, and detonated it on a gathering of Rāfidī mushrikīn. When the murtaddīn subsequently gathered at the site of explosion, one of the soldiers of the Khilāfah detonated his explosive belt in their midst. The operation succeeded in killing more than 40 Rāfidah and wounding over 200 more, and sent a clear message to the Rāfidī allies of Bashar in Lebanon that they are well within the vengeful reach of the Islamic State. May Allah accept our istishhādī brother amongst the shuhadā’. 
France – On Friday, the 1st of Safar, 8 soldiers of the Khilā- fah carried out an operation in the heart of French crusader territory. The operation involved multiple simultaneous at- tacks with explosive belts and assault rifles on various targets including the Stade de France stadium, where the crusader president Francois Hollande was attending a soccer match, and the Bataclan theatre for exhibitions, where hundreds of French mushrikīn had gathered for a music concert. The attacks, which included other targets around Paris and suc- ceeded in killing hundreds of crusaders and wounding even more, shook the world and reminded the nations of kufr that the Islamic State will continue to stand firm in the face of their transgressions and retaliate with fire and bloodshed in revenge for the honor of the Prophet g and the multi- tudes killed and injured in crusader airstrikes in the lands of the Muslims. 
mah in general and to the mujāhidīn in particular is the revival of the Khilāfah, the Muslim body which had been absent for several centuries since the collapse of the ‘Ab- bāsī Khilāfah. No one realizes this blessing more than one who has experienced the crusader lands of the West, then Shām tormented by the Baathist and Nusayrī tawāghīt, followed by Shām plundered by the apostates of the Free Syrian Army and its nationalist allies. Yes, the revived Kh- ilāfah is a blessing that no matter how much one attempted and strived to thank Allah for, he would never be able to fulfill the gratitude due upon him. But one has an example in Dāwūd (‘alayhis-salām) who was reported to have said, “My Lord, how can I thank You for Your blessings while I am not able to thank you except by Your blessing?” So Al- lah revealed to him, “O Dāwūd, do you not know that the blessings you have are from Me?” He replied, “Of course my Lord.” Allah said to him, “I am pleased with such as thankfulness from you” [Reported by Imām Ahmad in “Az- Zuhd”]. We also have an example in Mūsā n who was re- ported to have said, “My Lord, how can I thank You while I am not able to compensate the smallest blessing from the blessings You’ve granted me with the total of all my deeds?” So Allah revealed to him, “O Mūsā, now you have thanked Me” [Reported by Imām Ahmad in “Az-Zuhd”]. 
Allah’s Messenger g said, “Whoever is blessed with a bless- ing and mentions it, has shown thanks for it. Whoever hides it, has denied it” [Sahīh: Reported by Abū Dāwūd from Jābir Ibn ‘Abdillāh]. Al-Hasan Ibn ‘Alī k said, “If you acquire good, then tell your brothers.” ‘Umar Ibn ‘Ab- dil-‘Azīz r (died 101AH) said, “Mentioning a blessing is thankfulness.” Abū Nadrah r (died 108AH) said, “The Muslims used to consider that speaking about a bless- ing was part of showing thanks for it.” Al-Hasan al-Basrī r (died 110AH) said, “Mention this blessing often, for mentioning a blessing is thankfulness.” Qatādah r (died 118AH) said, “Spreading good news of a blessing is part of showing thanks for it.” Al-Jarīrī r (died 144AH) and Ya- hyā Ibn Sa’īd r (died 143AH) both said, “It used to be said that counting the blessings was from thankfulness.” Al-Fu- dayl Ibn ‘Iyād r (died 187AH) said, “It used to be said that talking about a blessing was part of showing thanks for it.” Ibn Abī al-Hawārī said, “Al-Fudayl Ibn ‘Iyād r (died 187AH) and Sufyān Ibn ‘Uyaynah r (died 199AH) sat one night until morning mentioning the blessings. They kept saying, ‘Allah blessed us with such and such. Allah blessed us with such and such.’”1 
stranger amongst drunkards and druggies. He is a strang- er in his faith and deeds, as his sincerity and submission is towards Allah c alone, whereas the kuffār of the West worship and obey clergy, legislatures, media, and both their animalistic and deviant desires. For them it is strange that one manifests sincere submission to His Lord in word and deed. It is strange that one works for the Ākhirah, giving it priority to the Dunyā. It is strange that one does not pur- sue his animalistic desires like a beast and even experiment with perverted desires like a devil! They are as the accursed Sodomites who said about Lūt n, {“Evict them from your city! Indeed, they are men who keep themselves pure”} [Al- A’rāf: 82]. 
This prevalence of deviance – although expected, as it was prophesized in the Sunnah – is against the fitrah of a hu- man being, never mind the Muslim who has by his Lord’s grace held onto his fitrah of sincerity, purity, and morality. And although the Mu’min stranger is blessed in the Sunnah of the Messenger g, the Mu’min does not strive to make Islam strange. Rather he strives to revive and spread Islam and make jāhiliyyah endangered and extinct. 
Thus, the Muslim in the West is in a constant struggle. His fitrah is at war with the deviant drifts of the kuffār sur- rounding him. The battle to preserve his fitrah and faith knows no ceasefire. If he wants to preserve what mustard seed of faith he has been blessed with, he must exhaust him- self to the utmost so as to remain just a Muslim, never mind a Mu’min striving for jihād. If he abandons the struggle or briefly falters, he will quickly find himself an apostate. 
Another difficulty present in the West is that in general no masājid exist except those of dirār (evil harm) and de- viance run by the Ikhwān, the Sufis, the Madākhilah, the Surūriyyah, the Tablīgh Jamā’ah, the Deobandis, and the modernists. There are almost no masājid in which one can seek shelter from heresy and belong to a community of strangers. If the proper da’wah exists, it is mostly against the deviant parties in control of the “masājid,” as they become the priority when there is no abode for the truth nor body representing it. 
In general, this is the case most Muslims have experienced while living in the West. He feels himself a stranger and is in constant search for a land in which he can practice his Islam more fully, especially if he hopes for jihād and is un- der the threat of crusader intelligence agencies persecuting him. He sleeps every night with a knife or pistol beside him, fearing an overnight or early morning raid on his home, for he regularly reminds himself and others with the obligation of jihād. 
I immediately felt different amongst the people of Shām. I no longer felt a stranger for merely adhering to some of the manifest rites of Islam that would create shockwaves in the West. But much was still missing. Having a longer beard drew suspicion from the murtadd security forces. Raising your hands before and after rukū’ also drew their suspi- cions, as it implied you were Salafī. Seeking knowledge also drew their suspicions. The intention for jihād was a crime. Animosity towards the tāghūt was also a crime. Takfīr of the Rāfidah, the Nusayriyyah, and the Baathists was a crime as well. It continued to feel strange in Shām, although the degree and nature of the strangeness were less severe. 
There, relatives and colleagues only spoke about the Dunyā. Their tongues were busied with the prices of basic goods and the décor of their homes. Otherwise, they backbit each other. ‘Aqīdah and jihād were strange to many if not most people. They had been corrupted by the “religion” propagat- ed by regime government “scholars” and “religious” satellite media. I had to argue with some who thought that Jamal Abdil Nasir, Bashar al-Asad, the Nasserites, the Baathists, and other Arab tawāghīt and murtaddīn were “Muslims”! I had to argue with others who thought that the Rāfidah, Hasan Nasrullāt, and Hizb al-Lāt were “Muslims” and even “mujāhidīn”! Worse, I had to argue with those who thought that the Nusayriyyah were “Muslims”! I even had to argue with some who thought that seeking intercession from the dead or cursing the religion was completely “normal”! 
This was shocking, considering that I had always held good assumptions about the people living in the Muslims’ lands and assumed that the murtadd tawāghīt had not succeeded in corrupting the religion of people except superficially. The atmosphere there was also a bit dangerous, as the Dunyā being the priority of most people affected one’s struggle for jihād. It was another strangeness one had to deal with. 
A few years later, I observed the “Arab Spring” jumping from Tunisia to Egypt to Libya to Yemen. I hoped that the chaos brought about by the “Arab Spring” would come to Shām, as it would facilitate the revival of jihād there. At the same time, I thought that because of how much the people of Shām dreaded massacres like those committed by the re- gime during the early “1980s” in Halab, Hamāh, Tadmur, Jisr ash-Shughūr, and elsewhere, and because of how much their religion was damaged by fifty years of Baathist rule, in addition to their attachment to the Dunyā, they would never move. I was wrong, and some youth made the move, those who had only heard of these massacres in stories their parents narrated to frighten them into apathy. I met some of these youth, cooperated with a religious selection of them, and gained firsthand insight into the nature of the protests. 
ground and culture they were raised in, not because they believed Allah was greater and accordingly alone had the right to legislate. Many of them would attend tarawīh and Friday prayers only to join the protests, otherwise they had nothing to do with prayer and masājid. I myself had to ar- gue with a secularist who had come to attend the funeral of a man upon the manhaj of jihād killed in prison by the Nusayrī regime. I told the secularist shortly before the fu- neral, “I advise you to repent from secularism before the fu- neral. Otherwise, if you die, you will be in Hellfire.” Rather than taking my advice, he shouted and argued that Syrian nationalism and separation of religion and state were not secularism! This was because the ignoramus thought that secularism was synonymous with atheism. 
At a later incident, I ended up in prison for some time after being caught by the murtadd Shabīhah. I was in a chamber with sixty prisoners all of whom were also arrested for rea- sons related to the protests. Sadly, less than ten of the sixty would pray the five daily prayers! And cursing the religion was not uncommon amongst these prisoners. Alhamdu- lillāh, my imprisonment was short, lasting a week. 
Amongst the protestors, there were also those thoughtless “Islamists” who would admit that Burhān Ghalyūn and the Syrian National Council were kuffār, but would claim it was not the time to declare takfīr of them! (There were also the online jihād claimants that said it was not the time for jihād because it would damage the image of the “revolu- tion.”) Again, it was a new strangeness one had to deal with. 
As the protests became more militant, the slogans raised by the various nationalists and secularists also became more militant. The presence of the Islamic State in the arena – first under the name of “Jabhat an-Nusrah,” then under the name of the Islamic State of Iraq and Shām (before the re- vival of the Khilāfah) – also forced the political and religious spectrum in Shām to shift. The secularists and nationalists were now in a propaganda race with the mujāhidīn. The Free Syrian Army, the tāghūt-backed factions, and the cru- sader-backed proxies all had to appeal to the inclinations of the common folk in Shām, who in general dislike secular- ism even if some are ignorant of what Islamic rule should be. It was also harder to convince a Muslim or even an igno- rant claimant of Islam to fight for a cause when the choice was between getting killed for a little money or attaining a place near Allah in Jannah. And so many of the secularists and nationalists became more “Islamic” (only superficially), and some of them even joined and infiltrated some of the more “Islamic” factions. 
to surface. Deeply rooted nationalism and regional pride were matters they could not rid themselves of. Those from the countryside always boasted with pride that they were from the countryside and not from the city. Those from cer- tain villages would always boast that they were from one vil- lage and not another. Smoking in Ramadān was customary amongst these fighters. Cursing the religion at moments of anger was not uncommon. Robbing the common folk and stealing war booty was widespread. I realized that they were a Sahwah waiting for a sponsor to activate them. Alham- dulillāh, I was able to join the Islamic State, called “Jabhat an-Nusrah” then. Thereby, the strangeness again reduced in its severity. 
But it did not cease to exist. In addition to the apostates of the Free Syrian Army, we were surrounded by hypocritical factions who were lurking in wait to announce their walā’ to democracy and the tawāghīt. Any muhājir who was wanted by the crusaders or the tawāghīt was cautious of these hypo- crites, for there was nothing preventing them from arresting him and handing him over to the kuffār. These hypocritical factions always caused problems for the muhājirīn, as if they were ordered to do so by the crusaders and the tawāghīt. It was another form of strangeness one had to deal with. 
The Islamic State leadership was wise and ordered that its operations under the name of “Jabhat an-Nusrah” be gen- erally independent of the deviant factions. But many of the Syrian leaders in “Jabhat an-Nusrah” had drawn closer to the deviant factions, due to them having relatives or for- mer colleagues in these factions. They were thus sensitive to the concepts of walā’ and barā’ and sam’ (listening) and tā’ah (obeying). They detested legit criticism of these fac- tions. They complained of the order from the Islamic State leadership to avoid – as much as was possible – cooperation with the more deviant factions. They criticized the order to disassociate from those factions. They would blame all problems between the “Jabhah” and the other factions on the presence of muhājirīn. Slowly, they tried to limit the reception of muhājirīn. In Halab, this order was given by 
After almost twenty years of living under the persecution of the crusaders and the apostates, one could finally live an Islamic life with safety and security. He was able to prac- tice his faith in jihād without worry of the kāfir intelligence agencies suddenly raiding his home. He could pronounce takfīr of the tawāghīt and the murtaddīn without fear of imprisonment. He could raise his children away from the school systems of the kuffār without fear of the social ser- vices kidnapping his children. 
And he was no longer a stranger inside his own community. He was surrounded by muwahhid mujāhidīn. He would easily find several mujāhidīn walking besides himself on any major street inside the cities of the Islamic State. If he went to the masājid or even the shops, he would find mujāhirīn and ansār. Many of the common folk were also eagerly rushing to Sharī’ah courses to learn and practice their reli- gion. The conversation of many of them became, “Is such and such bid’ah? Is such and such Sunnah?” after years of conversation about the Dunyā alone. 
The blessed announcement was made and split Shām into two distinct camps with a fading grayzone. This polariza- tion also aided in shifting the religious and political spec- trum even more. The nationalist and criminal factions had to feign an “Islamic” tone, one whose hypocrisy would resonate. Suddenly various factions changed their banners and names to appear more “Islamic.” They would mix their nationalist messages with occasional words that could be interpreted in a manner that a naïve youth would consid- er “Islamic.” This superficial “Islamization” of the factions carried on until three months before the Sahwah, when a process of de-“Islamization” began. 
Then came the events of the Sahwah, but unlike the Iraqi Sahwah in “2006/2007” that forced the Islamic State out of the cities into the deserts of Iraq, the Sahwah brought the Islamic State consolidation it had not experienced as extensively before in Shām. Suddenly vast regions of al- Khayr, ar-Raqqah, Hims, eastern Halab, and al-Barakah were exclusively under the rule of the Islamic State with- out any hypocritical or apostate factions disputing its rule therein. The expansion of the Islamic State after the Sah- wah conspiracy was followed by further consolidation in Iraq and the revival of the Khilāfah. Suddenly the muhājir could travel from al-Bāb and Manbij in Shām to Mosul and al-Fallūjah in Iraq, while not fearing anything but a flat tire. 
apostate tawāghīt governing by manmade laws. In such a scenario, the blessed ones are often those who are able to survive with their īmān intact and a mountain of sins to answer for on the Day of Judgment. But even in the case of those who eventually make the decision to leave such lands and perform hijrah to dārul-Islām after Allah guides them and opens their eyes to the dangerous situ- ation they are in, it’s often too late for their family. For many, the decision to save themselves comes after they’ve already lost their children, some to drugs and promiscu- ity, and others to kufr, shirk, and even atheism. And it all begins in the schools. 
1 This is a term used to refer exclusively to secular “education.” Many people have been duped into believing that a secular “education” is a “necessity,” so much so that they consider it a child’s essential “right” to waste dozens of years in school to obtain a piece of paper that may ultimately have nothing to do with the profession he later works in! In addition to this, one could memorize the Qur’ān and study the Sunnah with a scholar, but if he – despite all that – hadn’t completed his secular “education,” he would be labeled “uneducated”! 
Shortly before making hijrah to Shām a few years ago from the crusader nation in which I’d been raised, my mother men- tioned to me that she had recently spoken to a family friend from back home who asked her about our condition and the condition of other families from the same country who were living in the West. She told me that she claimed we were all doing well – and in the Dunyā sense we were in fact doing fairly well – when in reality, as my mother said, “Every family that comes here suffers one calamity or another with respect to their children.” What she was referring to, as she went on to clarify, were the countless Muslim youth in the West who get themselves tangled into drugs, alcohol, gangs, promiscuity, and other vices and social illnesses over which any decent Mus- lim family would weep for its children. 
And yet as terrible as these vices may be, the fact remains that many still downplay the severity of kufr in comparison with other sins. This is not to water down the issue of com- mitting sins but for the sake of perspective I need to make it clear that this is addressed to Muslims who are risking their entire Hereafter by continuing to live under the authority of the crusaders waging war against Islam or in lands ruled by 
Children attending the schools of the kuffār are first intro- duced to the kufrī concept of nationalism, whereby they are required to stand for the national anthem, and in places such as America, pledge allegiance to some national symbol such as the flag, or recite nationalistic slogans, or pledge allegiance to a tāghūt king or president, as is the case with the lands ruled by murtadd nationalist tawāghīt. The point is to indoctrinate them into the system as early as possible by beating into their heads that their loyalty, first and fore- most, is to the nation or to their race, not to the people of Islam, not to their religion, not even to Allah! This runs contrary to walā’ and barā’, a fundamental cornerstone of Islam. {Your ally is none but Allah and His Messenger and those who have believed – those who establish prayer and give zakāh, and they bow [in worship]. And whoever is an ally of Allah and His Messenger and those who have be- lieved – indeed, the party of Allah – they will be the pre- dominant} [Al-Mā’idah: 55-56]. 
After initiating the destruction of their walā’ and barā’, the schools of kufr then introduce children to their open-ended concept of “tolerance” beginning at a young age. They teach them to tolerate and respect other religions, even though Allah says, {And whoever desires other than Islam as reli- gion – never will it be accepted from him} [Āli ‘Imrān: 85] and {O you who have believed, indeed the mushrikīn are unclean} [At-Tawbah: 28]. They teach them to tolerate and respect sodomites, even though Allah says, {And Lūt said 
Apart from teaching them to accept all manner of religious deviance and social perversion, the schools of the kuffār en- courage children to take part in the various festivals of kufr and shirk, including Christmas, Halloween, and Easter, amongst others. They have them dress up, paint their faces, sing songs, attend parties, exchange gifts, and take part in school plays held for these various occasions. 
In addition to integrating the students into a culture re- plete with kufr and shirk and overtly teaching them nu- merous concepts that nullify one’s Islam, the kuffār seek to further corrupt them by incorporating anti-fitrah concepts into the curriculum that may lead them to question or even abandon their religion. This is the case with those who use certain “scientific principles” such as the so-called “scientif- ic method” as a backdoor for questioning the existence of Allah, even though Allah granted mankind the faculties of perception to observe and reflect on the creation as a means of increasing their awe and reverence of Him, not for the purpose of leading them to kufr and atheism. {Indeed, in the creation of the heavens and the earth and the alterna- tion of the night and the day are signs for those of under- standing} [Āli ‘Imrān: 190]. 
This is just a brief illustration of the poison awaiting the youth and children of the Ummah who are sent to the schools of the kuffār, whether in the lands of the crusaders or in the lands of the apostate tawāghīt. Having grasped the danger that Muslim children all over the world are exposed to, one can only ask how their parents could so willingly throw them into the fire of a kufrī education system! 
How is it then that one whom Allah has graced with the blessing of children could develop the audacity to neglect and belittle this trust that he’s been burdened with by send- ing them to be “educated” by the enemies of Allah?! And if some wish to argue that they have no choice because their children will be taken away by the kāfir authorities if they refuse to send them to school, I say to them, you are the ones who willingly choose to live like sheep in a land of wolves, so don’t blame the wolf for coming to snatch his prey! What led you to herd your family to the lands of the crusaders in the first place, and what keeps you and those residing in the lands of the apostate tawāghīt so firmly fixed in place, refusing to perform hijrah to the Islamic State? Is it a sincere desire to call the kuffār and murtaddīn to Islam – all aspects of Islam, including those not tolerated by the enemies of Allah? Or is it perhaps a firm intention to fight them in their own lands? Or is it simply your deluded hope of attaining the Dunyā or your reluctance to sacrifice it for 
the purpose of hijrah? If the answer is the latter – and those who are honest will admit that it is – then don’t expect your Lord to bless your endeavor to reside peacefully in the lands of kufr for the sake of pursuing the luxuries of this world, all the while neglecting your clear-cut duties towards your Lord and His religion. Rather, you should fear that He will punish you in this Dunyā – through your children, amongst other means – before punishing you in the Hereafter if you refuse to sincerely repent before it’s too late. 
In my mother’s case, she would frequently state that her di- lemma was a punishment from Allah, and would show un- derstanding when I would express my disgust towards the idea of raising a family amongst the kuffār or sending my children to the schools of kufr. In one of our conversations on the topic, she reflected over the condition of one of my siblings and lamented that she would have been better off living as a beggar than to have migrated for the sake of the Dunyā and risk losing her children in the process. 
The former government, which consisted mainly of a coa- lition of murtaddīn from both the “Bangladesh Nationalist Party” (BNP) and “Jamaat-e-Islami Bangladesh” (essentially the Indian subcontinent version of the so-called “Muslim Brotherhood”), foolishly thought that the call of tawhīd, jihād, and khilāfah would be crushed by the martyrdom of a few righteous scholars. The tawāghīt, the palace scholars, and those with diseased hearts forgot the promise of Allah c, who said, {They want to extinguish the light of Allah with their mouths, but Allah will perfect His light even if the kuffār despise such} [As-Saff: 8]. They had forgotten that the tree of this Ummah is not watered except by the blood of its martyrs. 
These murtaddīn also ignored Allah’s warning mentioned in the qudsī hadith, “Whoever shows enmity towards a walīy of Mine, then I have declared war against him” [Re- ported by al-Bukhārī from Abū Hurayrah]. Thus, they felt secure from the punishment of Allah, ignoring His decla- ration of war against them. Within only a few years, many high-ranking officials and commanders of the tāghūt forces – including some involved in the execution of the mujāhid scholars – were killed in a mutiny within the ranks of the murtadd “Bangladesh Border Guard.” In recent days, both the nationalist murtaddīn of the BNP and the parliamen- tary murtaddīn of the “Jamaat-e-Islami” – who both called for, rejoiced at, and actively partook in the “legal” process that led to the execution of the mujāhid scholars – these same murtaddīn were humiliated, dragged into prison, and given life-sentences and death penalties by the very same tāghūt courts. Some of them have already been executed by 
As the Afghan jihād against the communists ended in the late “eighties,” many of its veterans from various parts of the world – including Bengal1 – returned to their home- lands with the idea of opening jihād fronts there based on their newly gained experiences. However, as many of the returnees to Bengal from Khurāsān had mistakes in their creeds and methodologies, including mistakes related to tawhīd and walā’ and barā’, the founding of a proper jihād organization in Bengal based on the Qur’ān and Sunnah and the understanding of the Salaf was delayed for years until the late “nineties” when Allah blessed the martyred mujāhid scholar Shaykh ‘Abdur-Rahmān r with success in gathering a handful of muwahhidīn from different parts of the land to form an organization named “Jamā’atul Mu- jāhidīn” whose sole aim was establishing the law of Allah upon the earth. Thus, a new light of hope was born amidst the Muslims of Bengal, a land that for hundreds of years has been drowned in shirk and bid’ah due to the effects of both European colonization and Hindu cultural invasion. 
Relying upon Allah alone, Shaykh ‘Abdur-Rahmān r and a few other mujāhid scholars with him strived their utmost to gather the Muslims of Bengal upon a single platform based on the Qur’ān, the Sunnah, and the understanding of the Salaf. The newly formed group provided proper mil- itary training for the mujāhidīn and performed operations against the murtadd soldiers and judges of the tāghūt gov- ernment and courts that ruled by manmade laws. With these blessed operations, Jamā’atul Mujāhidīn tried its best to awaken the Muslim masses of Bengal to the impor- tance of ruling by Sharī’ah and the fundamentals of walā’ and barā’. By Allah’s grace, the call of jihād reached various madāris (Islamic schools) in Bengal and people started join- ing the jamā’ah in great numbers. Thus, the forces of the 
With the martyrdom of the mujāhid leadership, the re- solve of the caravan was tested heavily and the ranks were cleansed of a large number of hypocrites who had initially joined the group for potential worldly gains. Thus, only a few muwahhidīn remained patient upon the difficult path of jihād and sacrifice while always maintaining certainty in Allah’s promise and always expecting good from Allah. They neither gave up jihād like the weak-hearted nor did they deviate from the proper methodology of the Qur’ān and Sunnah by going after “popular support” as many jihād claimants infected with the love of Dunyā and irjā’ sadly had done. The sincere mujāhidīn knew all along that it was neither the drones of the crusaders nor their modern high- tech weaponry that could harm them, but it was the gradual and discreet decline of walā’ and barā’ within the hearts that could deal the greatest injury to the cause of jihād. 
And just as occurred in the “Arab Spring,” this gradual decline of walā’ and barā’ reached its lowest peak during the mass protests in Dhaka against the atheist bloggers in “2013,” as the jihād claimants started to openly call for an alliance with the grave-worshippers who falsely claim to be “lovers of the Prophet” g, the “Jamaat-e-Islami” who openly call for and support the religion of democracy, and the Deobandis who adopt the creed of the Jahmiyyah. This “alliance” was called for in order to confront the “common enemy” of atheists and leftists who would curse Islam and Allah’s Messenger g. The jihād claimants alleged that caus- ing division within the “Ummah” over “minor” issues would divide and weaken the “Muslims” in front of the atheists. Similarly, they claimed that the mujāhidīn should perform prayer according to the Hanafī madhhab even if doing so entailed abandoning mutawātir sunan. They justified this with a principle they had innovated, that the madhhab of the mujāhidīn was to perform prayer according to the cus- tom of the local people, as if the madhhab of the mujāhid should be different from that of the Salaf!2 
2 Editor’s Note: Sadly, this odd opinion was propagated in an unneces- sarily long 1600-page book titled “Da’wat al-Muqāwamah al-Islāmiyyah al-‘Ālamiyyah” (“The Global Islamic Resistance Call”). In the book, Abū Mus’ab as-Sūrī advised jihād groups to not exert effort in warning against Qubūriyyah, Ash’ariyyah, bid’ah, and taqlīd, claiming that this da’wah was being sufficiently fulfilled by other parties! According to him, a jihād group – for the sake of “popular support” – should instead let others receive the backlash for such da’wah! He also criticized the truthful mu- jāhidīn for making takfīr of parliamentary “Islamists” and the Rāfidah, claiming that this was not the methodology of the “majority of jihadists”! He also suggested the “mujāhidīn” should soften up towards the Arab nationalists for the sake of the war against the common “foreign” enemy! He also advised that a mujāhid follow the local maddhab in his visible 
These jihād claimants demanded that the various jihād groups in Bengal give preference to maintaining “popular support” and pleasing deviant “scholars” over the Qur’ān and the Sunnah, otherwise the “jihād movement” would get “crushed” by the martyrdom of leadership having no “popular support” as they claimed had happened in the past with Jamā’atul Mujāhidīn. They focused on the ma- terialistic means over the divine support from Allah c and rushed to compromise with murtaddīn and heretics instead of relying upon Allah c alone and remaining firm upon the methodology of Ahlus-Sunnah wal-Jamā’ah. They la- beled as a “Khārijī” any Muslim who pronounced takfīr upon those who fell into an explicit nullifier of Islam such as worshipping graves, joining parliament, and allying with the kuffār against the Muslims. Thus, a new fitnah was launched against the confused, young mujāhidīn with im- pressionable minds. Sadly, many of them became affected by this rotten call for a “populist jihād.” The various “jihādī” groups in Bengal then became fragmented through disputes over issues of creed, methodology, leadership, strategy, and tactics. 
Then, by Allah’s grace, the Khilāfah was revived from the blessed land of Shām on 1 Ramadān 1436. The rise of the Khilāfah and its effective media campaign brought the light of hope to the hearts of young mujāhidīn in Bengal, just as it did in every other part of the globe. Just as the strong military campaign of the soldiers of the Khilāfah was crush- ing the forces of kufr on the physical battlefield, the strong media campaign launched by the media soldiers of the Khilāfah on the ideological battlefield continued to crush and destroy every specious argument invented by the jihād claimants and those infected with the diseases of irjā’ and hizbiyyah. And so truth started to shed its light very quickly and the muwahhidīn of Bengal rushed to pledge allegiance to the Khalīfah. 
performance of acts of worship, even if doing so contradicted the cle- ar-cut Sunnah! It is important to note that contrary to Western media claims, this book never defined the methodology of the mujāhidīn. The top Islamic State leadership – including Shaykh Abū Mus’ab az-Zarqāwī r – did not recommend as-Sūrī’s book. As for the concise but beneficial 100-page book titled “Idārat at-Tawahhush” (“The Management of Sava- gery”) by an unknown author who only went by the penname “Abū Bakr Nājī,” then when Shaykh az-Zarqāwī read this book he commented, “It is as if the author knows what I’m planning.” Note: Although Nājī’s book describes very precisely the overall strategy of the mujāhidīn, Nājī fell into some errors in his discussions on issues related to the takfīr of parties who forcefully resist the Sharī’ah and its laws. The manhaj of the Salaf on this issue was described in Dābiq, issue 10 pages 56-57, issue 8 pages 43-46, and issue 6 page 19-20 (footnotes 3-4). 
to support the Khilāfah and join the ranks of its soldiers in Bengal. They united their ranks behind a single Qurashī imām and did not fear the blame of the blamers who chose to remain behind, those who blindly held to organizations that had claimed “Mullah ‘Umar was the true Amīrul- Mu’minīn” although he had been dead for years. Rather, he had been dead even before they started using him as an excuse not to unite the whole Ummah behind one single leader. The mujāhidīn realized that the unity of the Ummah could only happen through a leader with true authority, not an unwise man in some unknown hiding place releas- ing outdated video messages with pledges of allegiance to a dead man and scolding others for not doing the same! Thus, Allah c united the ranks of mujāhidīn in Bengal once again after they were fragmented. He c gave them the honor of becoming soldiers of the Khilāfah upon the prophetic methodology, inshā’allāh. 
The Revival of Jihād through the Light of the Khilāfah On 14 Dhul-Hijjah 1436, by Allah’s grace, a security cell belonging to the soldiers of the Khilāfah in Bengal assas- sinated an Italian crusader named Cesare Tavella on the streets of Gulshan in the city of Dhaka. This noble deed shook the tawāghīt of the land as well as the crusaders living there, as the assassination occurred within the “Diplomatic Zone” of the “capital,” supposedly the most secure residen- tial area of the country. 
Only days later, on 19 Dhul-Hijjah 1436, by Allah’s grace, another security cell belonging to the soldiers of the Kh- ilāfah in Bengal targeted a Japanese citizen in the northern region of Rangpur. These blessed back-to-back attacks have caused havoc among the citizens of the crusader nations and their allies living in Bengal and forced their diplomats, tourists, and expats to limit their movements and live in a constant state of fear. Moreover, the powerful message of a unified Ummah working under the leadership of the Khilā- fah, beautifully conveyed by these blessed attacks in a dis- 
Shaykh Abū Muhammad al-‘Adnānī (hafidhahullāh) – the official spokesperson of the Islamic State – said, “O mu- wahhidīn in Europe, America, Australia, and Canada… O muwahhidīn in Morocco and Algeria… O muwahhidīn in Khurāsān and al-Qawqāz… O muwahhidīn everywhere upon the face of the earth… O brothers in creed… O peo- ple of walā’ and barā’… O patrons of the Islamic State… O you who have given bay’ah to the Khalīfah Ibrāhīm ev- erywhere… O you who have loved the Islamic State… O you who support the Khilāfah… O you who consider your- selves from amongst its soldiers and patrons… Your state is facing a new campaign by the crusaders. So O muwahhid, wherever you may be, what are you going to do to support your brothers? What do you wait for while the people have become two encampments and the heat of the war increases day by day? O muwahhid, we call you up to defend the Islamic State. Dozens of nations have gathered against it. They began their war against us at all levels. So rise O mu- wahhid. Rise and defend your state from your place wher- ever you may be” [Indeed Your Lord if Ever-Watchful]. 
He also said, “O muwahhid, do not let this battle pass you by wherever you may be. You must strike the soldiers, pa- trons, and troops of the tawāghīt. Strike their police, secu- rity, and intelligence members, as well as their treacherous agents. Ruin their sleep. Embitter their lives for them and busy them with themselves. If you can kill a kāfir American or European – especially the spiteful and filthy French – or an Australian, or a Canadian, or any other kāfir from the harbī kuffār, including the citizens of the countries that entered into a coalition against the Islamic State, then rely upon Allah, and kill them in any manner possible, regard- 
In addition, the Islamic State has warned the pagan nation of Japan against further endangering the lives of Japan’s cit- izens through Japanese support for the American crusade. Dābiq wrote the following, commenting on the arrogant decision of the Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe to sup- port the crusader coalition: “Prior to Shinzo Abe’s thought- less pledge of support for this crusade, Japan was not on the list of priorities to be targeted by the Islamic State, but through Shinzo Abe’s foolishness, all Japanese citizens and interests – wherever they may be found – are now a target for the soldiers and patrons of the Khilāfah everywhere” [Is- sue 7, “Foreword,” page 4]. 
Thus, the soldiers of the Khilāfah in Bengal pledged their allegiance to the Khalīfah Ibrāhīm (hafidhahullāh), unified their ranks, nominated a regional leader, gathered behind him, dissolved their former factions, performed the neces- sary military preparations, and hastened to answer the order from the Islamic State leadership, by targeting the crusaders and their allies wherever they may be found. 
On 10 Muharram 1437, the day of ‘Āshūrā’, the soldiers of the Khilāfah detonated a string of bombs on the Rafīdah who had gathered for a large shirkī procession in front of one of their largest temples – known as “Hosseini Dalan” – in the city of Dhaka. The blessed operation was the first to target the Rāfidah of Bengal for nearly 400 years. Over a hundred of these murtaddīn were killed and wounded. Feeding off the momentum from these blessed attacks, the mujāhidīn carried out a daring raid less than two weeks lat- er on 21 Muharram 1437, choosing to assault a group of policemen preparing to set up a checkpoint in an area in Dhaka. They stabbed one of them to death and wounded four others, and all praise is due to Allah. 
government continue to twist the facts on the ground and play a blame game in an effort to put political pressure on the murtaddīn of both the nationalist BNP and the parlia- mentary “Jamaat-e-Islami.” Meanwhile, the soldiers of the Khilāfah continue to rise and expand in Bengal, by Allah’s grace, and will continue to terrorize the crusaders and their allies until the rule of Allah is established on the earth. 
After months of arresting muwahhidīn and falsely claiming more than once that they had arrested the “top IS-coor- dinator” for Bengal, the shameless, lying murtadd govern- ment came out right after the blessed operation of Tavella Cesare to say “there is no IS in Bangladesh”! They repeated the same lie over and over like a broken record after each of the blessed operations performed by the soldiers of the Khilāfah, all in a desperate effort to save face before the in- ternational community of kufr and hide their inability and the impotence of their law enforcement agencies to provide security to their crusader masters and Rāfidī citizens. 
The murtadd Bengali government will soon realize, by Allah’s permission, that shamelessly denying facts on the ground and playing childish blame games with the murtadd opposition will be of no avail to them, as the Islamic State is indeed here to stay, inshā’allāh. It is here to stay in Shām and Iraq. It is here to stay in Khurāsān and al-Qawqāz. And it is here to stay from Tunisia all the way to Bengal even if the murtaddīn despise such. The Khilāfah will continue to expand further until its shade covers the entire earth, all the lands where the day and night reach, inshā’allāh. 
In the end, it is the responsibility of the Muslims in Bengal to support the Khilāfah. It is also the duty of all mujāhidīn in Bengal who support the Islamic State to close their ranks, unite under the soldiers of the Khilāfah in Bengal, and aid them in every possible way. Allah c said, {Indeed, Allah loves those who fight in His cause in a row as though they are a [single] structure joined firmly} [As-Saff: 4]. He c also said, {O you who have believed, fight those near you of the kuffār and let them find in you harshness. And know that Allah is with the righteous} [At-Tawbah: 123]. The Proph- et g also said, “Perform jihād against the mushrikīn with your wealth, your lives, and your tongues” [Sahīh: Reported by Abū Dāwūd and an-Nasā’ī from Anas]. 
So the kuffār – whether they are Catholic, Protestant, or Orthodox Christians, whether they are Orthodox, Con- servative, or Progressive Jews, whether they are Buddhists, Hindus, or Sikhs, whether they are capitalists, communists, or fascists – they are ultimately allies of one another against Islam and the Muslims. This is because Islam – the religion of truth and fitrah – is the greatest threat to their religions of falsehood, all of which are at war with the inborn na- ture of man. This is also because the tawāghīt and dajājilah (plural of dajjāl) of these false religions fear losing control of their flocks of blind sheep and the wealth contained in their wooly pockets. This is also because the flocks of blind sheep fear losing their animalistic societies and carnal cul- tures that serve their lusts, desires, and doubts at the ex- pense of reviving and nurturing the fitrah within their dead hearts. Accordingly, Islam is the greatest threat to all of their immediate “interests” and it only makes sense for them to unite into various coalitions against their common enemy. 
And yet, despite this, they continue to have partisan and sectarian animosity that reaches the level of war and blood- shed.1 {You will never find in the sunnah of Allah any change, and you will never find in the sunnah of Allah any alteration} [Fātir: 43]. And they compete amongst each other as well to obtain the larger following of blind sheep and to continue to draw wealth from these followers to their own gluttonous pockets. They meanwhile never learn 1 For more on the animosity of the various religions, sects, and parties of kufr towards each other, read Dābiq, issue 9, pages 17-18. 
And so America intervened in Shām after its failures in both Afghanistan and Iraq. And Russia followed the path of its Western brethren after its own disasters in Afghanistan and Chechnya. And both the crusader East and crusader West now are at odds over securing their separate interests in Shām as they compete over influence in the region. The drunken brown bear – Russia – savagely but clumsily strikes here and there in a manner that has even confused Amer- ican analysts, think tanks, intelligence, and policy-makers. And while it is at war with its Western rivals in the Ukraine, it has decided to enter into yet another conflict with the West, by targeting the Sahwah allies of America in Shām. Meanwhile, it entered into new fronts against the Islamic State in both Shām and Iraq after the revival of the battle- field in Wilāyat al-Qawqāz. 
Shortly after the Russian airstrikes began, the resolute sol- diers of the blessed Shāmī Wilāyah of Saynā’ succeeded in downing a Russian passenger plane, resulting in the deaths of 224 Eastern crusaders. The operation exacted revenge upon the cross-worshippers for recently killing hundreds of Muslims in Shām, including their women and children. And the Islamic State will continue to strike Russia until Sharī’ah returns to all the lands of the Muslims usurped by the crusader Russians and until Russia pays the jizyah in humiliation. 
A traitor is among the most despicable of creatures in the eyes of mankind. No man likes a traitor. Even the most deviant and accursed kāfir cannot stand a traitor. Yet those chosen to be the allies and agents of the crusaders in the war against Islam and its Khilāfah are always treacherous parties and individuals. The individual from them might betray his religion today and betray his apostasy tomorrow for another form of apostasy. His religion is himself, his lusts, his de- sires, and self-interests. {Have you seen he who has taken as his god his own desire, and Allah has sent him astray due to knowledge and has set a seal upon his hearing and his heart and put over his vision a veil? So who will guide him after Allah? Then will you not be reminded?} [Al-Jāthiyah: 23]. 
Yet America makes the repeated mistake of backing treach- erous allies who end up abandoning it when their interests collide. These allies decide then that aiding America no lon- ger fulfills their own desires and personal glories. America backed the tawāghīt Saddam, Gaddafi, Ali Abdullah Saleh, and Bashar, all of whom later worked to serve their own personal, partisan, and sectarian interests despite American orders otherwise. It backed the Iraqi Rāfidah – the regime and militias – all of whom now exert themselves in their ser- vices to Khamenei of Tehran. They backed various nation- alist Afghan factions in the “eighties,” many of whom later sought refuge in Iran, using it as a base in their nationalist wars. And the story goes on. 
In Shām, America’s biggest ally has been the PKK (Kurdis- tan Workers’ Party) front known as the YPG (People’s Pro- tection Units). Historically, the PKK is closer to Russia and the East. Abdullah Ocalan – a Nusayrī Kurd2 and founder of the PKK – was trained by the Russian KGB-FSB (the So- viet/Russian intelligence). The Russian tāghūt Putin himself was a former lieutenant colonel in the KGB and later be- came director of the FSB. The PKK, unlike most Western nations, is not considered a terrorist organization by Russia and China, and ideologically, it has a Marxist background. For this reason, it currently draws Marxist volunteers from the West and East to the “Lions of Rojava” and the “In- ternational Freedom Battalion” backed by the “Marxist-Le- ninist Communist Party” of Turkey. And like the Russians who bomb non-military targets in Shām, the PKK meth- odologically follow similar “rules of engagement,” defying those supposedly propagated by the West. Hence, the PKK demolished entire villages, destroyed entire neighborhoods of homes, and displaced entire communities on an ethnic basis as was documented by the Western-oriented “Am- nesty International” in its study of the PKK “Autonomous 2 The PKK and its links with the Nusayriyyah and the Rāfidah were also mentioned by the murtadd Osman Ocalan – former senior member of the PKK and brother of Abdullah Ocalan – during an interview on “12 May 2015” with “Niqash” in which he said, “The PKK has become part of the Shiite Muslim movement and in particular, there is a strong Alawite stream inside the party … This has taken the PKK closer to Iran and I believe the party now has friendly relations with Iran, al-Assad and al-Abadi.” 
Administration” operating in the northern countryside of Halab, al-Barakah, and ar-Raqqah. The PKK works side- by-side with the murtadd Asad regime in the areas where they have a common presence in and around al-Qāmish- lī and al-Hasakah. They back the regime militias in Nub- bul and az-Zahrā’ with logistics. The PKK had a history of also receiving support from Syria, Iran, and Russia against America’s apostate allies: Turkey and Saddam. Finally, the atheist PKK are at war with the murtadd regime of Turkey, which is a member of the anti-Russian NATO coalition. 
And what has angered America is that Russia has already of- fered its hand to cooperate with the PKK so as to reintegrate the PKK regions back into those of the Asad regime (most likely with some degree of autonomy). Government-backed Russian media even produced propagandist documentaries for the PKK on Russian satellite TV channels. Reports have also come out that the Syrian Baath party was permitted to open up branch offices in Tall Abyad and other cities recently overtaken by the PKK. This is not surprising, as the Asad regime utilized its close relationship with the PKK to quell any opposition to the regime in Kurdish regions early on in the “Syrian Revolution.” 
After the PKK’s service to America in Shām comes that of the Free Syrian Army (FSA) and other nationalist factions, many of whose leaders were former Baathist officers who never repented from apostasy, as joining a nationalist op- position is not repentance. Accordingly, infiltration of their various battalions was easy for the regime security appara- tus, hence the numerous handovers and “reconciliations” especially in the regions surrounding Dimashq.3 Militias of unprincipled mercenaries are not difficult to change with cash and cigarettes. Russia – on behalf of the regime – has already offered to sit with the FSA, with this offer reportedly being considered by some FSA and nationalist elements in Dar’ā and near Dimashq. Jordan – which backed the FSA “Southern Front” – has already declared its support for the 
Russian intervention. And because America raised its allies and agents to wage war against the Islamic State alone, “re- gime change” is not the real goal of many of these factions. Accordingly, it is not problematic for such factions to turn towards the regime and Russia in pursuing a more strongly backed war against the Khilāfah. If this ever occurs, these murtadd factions will not forget to also wage war against the murtaddīn of the opposition formerly allied to them. 
The tawāghīt of Jordan, the UAE, and Egypt have declared their support for Russian intervention in Shām despite America’s position on the issue. These tawāghīt belonging to the anti-“revolution” bloc prefer Asad to any of his opposi- tion even if his opponents are equally secular and murtadd, only because they fear that such “revolutions” might spill over into the lands usurped by these tawāghīt. Again, the FSA “Southern Front” in Dar’ā has had a strong relation- ship with Jordan and Jordanian intelligence, even offering condolences to the regime on the event of the Islamic State executing the Jordanian pilot Mu’ādh al-Kasāsibah. It is un- likely, though, that the declaration of support from these tawāghīt leads to the tawāghīt shifting sides, as they have been hooked on American aid for decades. It does however manifest the division of their hearts. 
As for the tawāghīt of Turkey allied to America, they are al- ready knee-deep in a war with America’s PKK allies, whose fighters are presently filling the role of America’s ground forces. The Turkish tawāghīt have made early warnings of Russia’s plan to build up its relationship with the PKK and support them. And with Turkey being a NATO member, backing the PKK against the murtadd regime of Turkey would not be strange for the crusaders of Russia, especially considering that Russia had done so in its Soviet past. 
As for Iraq, then America’s closest ally there has been the Barzani Peshmerga, who are currently facing strong polit- ical opposition due to problems Iraqi Kurdistan is facing. The Peshmerga have been split for years between the Amer- ican-backed “Kurdistan Democratic Party” (KDP) of Ma- soud Barzani and the leftist “Patriotic Union of Kurdistan” (PUK) of Jalal Talabani. These two parties were at war with each other in the “nineties.” While Barzani sought the aid of the tāghūt Saddam against the PUK, Talabani sought the aid of Rāfidī Iran against the KDP. Eventually America got involved and forced the two sides to settle differences and then later, after the American invasion of Iraq, it had the two sides form a government for Iraqi Kurdistan. Since then and since the various expansions in Iraq achieved by the Is- lamic State, there has been great turmoil in Iraqi Kurdistan. The tāghūt Barzani continues to hold onto power despite opposition from other Kurdish murtaddīn. The opposition consists mostly of the “Movement for Change” (Gorran), a Kurdish party of apostates with roots in the leftist PUK and PKK. Gorran supports the PKK in both Syria and Iraq and accuses Barzani of being an agent of Turkey. The PKK is equally supportive of Gorran’s opposition to Barzani. And similar to the war between the KDP and leftist PUK, the KDP and leftist PKK waged war against each other in Iraq in the “nineties.” 
The turmoil in Iraqi Kurdistan reached the point of violent protests being launched by the leftist opposition in major cities. An economic crisis that led state workers to lose wag- es for a period of over three months was utilized as a rallying call. The opposition blamed this on the financial corruption of the Barzani family and the KDP in general. Protesters stoned and torched KDP offices. The KDP responded by firing at protesters and killing several, which got “Human Rights Watch” involved in the campaign against the KDP. May Allah increase the animosity and violence between the murtaddīn of the KDP, PUK, PKK, and Gorran. 
At any rate, this political turmoil is a danger to the Ameri- can mission in Iraq against the Islamic State. America pre- fers the tāghūt Barzani for, contrary to the PKK, he does not currently have a mission to expand into Syria. The PKK is also considered a terrorist organization by America and its allies. An expansionist agenda threatens the stability of the region and accordingly increases the fears of the mur- tadd government of the tāghūt Erdogan, whose loyalty the Americans want to preserve. 
The Rāfidah of Iraq have considered Iran to have ultimate authority over them due to their belief in “Wilāyat al- Faqīh,” a creed which essentially dictates the so-called “Su- preme Leader of Iran” to be the top religious and political authority of the Rāfidah everywhere. So as the Americans back the Rāfidī regime of Baghdad and the Rāfidī militias fighting alongside it in the war against the Islamic State, it is strengthening regionally one of its historical foes – the Iranian regime. The Rāfidī regime has overrun major allies of the West in Yemen and Lebanon as it plots similar sce- narios for the Arabian Peninsula in Bahrain, Kuwait, and “Saudi” Arabia. So America is caught in a quagmire: Should it continue to support the murtadd Rāfidah against the Is- lamic State, thereby further emboldening the Rāfidah into carrying out revolutions elsewhere? Or should it adopt a policy of non-interference and just await the collapse of the Rāfidah and the tawāghīt at the hands of the Islamic State? The hubris of the Americans has blinded them as it blinded the drunken brown bear, and so it prefers to interfere in a manner that will bring about its ultimate destruction. 
Here it is important to note that one of the religious te- nets of the Rāfidah is taqiyyah, and that accordingly the time gained in their negotiations with the crusaders is like- ly for them to further develop and weaponize their nucle- ar program, something America claims to be against. Of course, such weapons would probably only be used against Ahlus-Sunnah in defense of the Jews who will follow the “Mahdī” of the Rāfidah.4 But Allah will protect the Mus- lims from the plots of the Rāfidah. 
Despite the rivalries between the Rāfidah and the Jewish state, they have more in common with each other than any other religions of kufr. They both await a “savior” whom they allege will wipe out the followers of Allah’s Messenger g. And the Russian intervention in Shām has brought an opportunity for the Rāfidah and the Jewish state to get clos- er to each other through Russia. Before executing its first round of airstrikes in Shām, Russia contacted the Jewish state to warn it of Russian presence in the skies of Shām. Pu- tin then met with Netanyahu in Moscow on “21 September 2015” to discuss the details of the attacks and coordinate their separate missions. In this regards, Zvi Magen – for- mer Israeli ambassador to Moscow – said to the Economist on “30 September 2015,” “Israel made clear to him [Putin] that we [the Jews] have no real problem with Assad.” At the same time, Russia promised to limit the Iranian influence and that of Hizbullāt (Hezbollah) in Shām. 
The believer might ask, what has changed after the Russian intervention? The answer is that nothing has changed ex- cept that the opportunity for reward from Allah c is now greater. The mujāhid who was patient in the face of the cru- sader, tāghūtī, Nusayrī, and Rāfidī airstrikes gets closer to Allah c when he manifests patience in the face of more airstrikes from other crusader nations. The soldiers of the Islamic State who were patient in the face of the overlap- ping but quarrelling crusader coalition and Rāfidī coalition are not changed by the addition of Russia to one of the two anti-Islam coalitions, while realizing that Russia had always been a backer of the Nusayrī tāghūt al-Asad. 
And nothing changes for the Islamic State, as it will con- tinue to pronounce takfīr upon the Jews, the Christians, the pagans, and the apostates from the Rāfidah, the Nusay- riyyah, the Sahwah, and the tawāghīt. It will continue to wage war against the apostates until they repent from apos- tasy. It will continue to wage war against the pagans until they accept Islam. It will continue to wage war against the Jewish state until the Jews hide behind their gharqad trees. And it will continue to wage war against the Christians until the truce decreed sometime before the Malhamah. Thereafter, the slave markets will commence in Rome by Allah’s power and might. 
On 31st March, issue 8 of Dābiq magazine published an article I wrote called “Paradigm Shift,” in which I exam- ined the depiction of the Islamic State in Western media and politics progressing from a mere “organization” to a real, functioning entity. A country, I called it. I know nothing about nation building. I’m so foolish I never even made it to university. But after dismissing some of the things I’ve written in the past as “ISIS propaganda,” many journalists and scholars in the West are now agreeing with this sentiment. The Islamic State, they say, is a genuine state. 
Meanwhile the Gulf states all around are in turmoil. They are broken by religious differences and fractured by an- cient tribal feuds. The “Middle East … is broken, angry and so dysfunctional that it’s in a class all by itself, giving new meaning to the word ‘hopeless,’” wrote scholar Aaron David Miller in Foreign Policy on 11th September. “It is so torn apart and riven with sectarian, political, and religious hatreds and confrontations that it seems beyond the capaci- ty of any external party to remedy.” It’s precisely for reasons like this that the Islamic State has arisen so fast and in such a short space of time. There is only one sect here, Sunni Islam, and the Caliph can only be from one tribe, Quraysh. Here in the Caliphate, there is no room for pluralism. 
That’s not me talking but a writer for one of the “better” newspapers in the UK. And this sentiment – that the Is- lamic State is a real, growing state – is increasing in vol- ume in the West. After one year of airstrikes all the evidence suggests there has been no “rolling back” of the mujāhidīn, any “degradation” of their fighting ability has been quickly re-supplied by fresh battlefield booty and new recruits, and estimates for the Islamic State’s army remain, according to the CIA, at 32,000 soldiers but with some figures suggest- ing up to 70 or even 100,000 to be called upon if required. An unnamed US official told the Associated Press that US intelligence has “seen no meaningful degradation in their numbers.” 
The Iraqi army, according to MIT University’s Barry Po- sen, no longer exists as a meaningful fighting force. In Iraq they have been largely superseded by the Popular Mobili- zation Units (al-Hashd ash-Sha’bī), a Shia militia of up to 100,000 men with weapons supplied by Iran. They led the assault on Tikrit in April and have been largely responsible for many of the atrocities subsequently reported in Sunni regions. But since Tikrit, there have been no notable victo- ries for the coalition, and the fighting in Iraq is not going well, to the extent that Lieutenant General Robert Neller of the USMC, when asked by senator John McCain on how he considered the campaign to be progressing, replied, “I think we’re doing what we need to do right now … I believe they are in a stalemate right now.” Far from “rolling back” the mujāhidīn, the Islamic State is holding ground or even advancing, as can be evidenced by the recent taking of new regions in Iraq and Syria. 
by referring to it as just a terrorist “organization.” True, it is a functioning state that uses terror as a tool. But if it’s just an “organization” and the soldiers who fight for it just terror- ists, this gives the public a hook on which to hang their hat. People understand the words “terrorists” or “jihadists” and will largely support any military action against them. But it loses its urgency when you’re fighting soldiers from a state. It just doesn’t conjure up the same images of extremely im- minent danger for a politician’s speechwriter. Fighting mere terrorists is one thing, fighting a country, even if that coun- try takes pride in its terrorist tactics, is quite another. But to concede that the Islamic State is indeed a state in any spo- ken comment would be an admission of their victory that no political leader is currently prepared to make. So they deliberately continue to call them the “so called” Islamic State, ISIL, IS, ISIS, Daesh and whatever the next nom de jour is in a move to show: “Pah. Fiddlesticks! We don’t even know what their name is. We’ve got this in hand.” 
That’s what they say in public. But what they say behind closed doors with their defence secretaries and intelligence chiefs will, I’m sure, be very different by now. According to Western reports, approximately 7 million people live in the Caliphate in an area larger than Britain and more pop- ulous than Denmark, and many of them are saying that life now is better than it was under the Assad and Shia-led regimes in Syria and Iraq and miles better than the corrup- tion and chaos that followed the Free Syrian Army. That throws a spanner into the works. It’s not what one would expect from a bunch of supposedly “wild-haired barbarian” terrorists, surely? 
Arango continued, saying the Islamic State is putting in place more governing measures including ID cards for res- idents, promulgating fishing guidelines to preserve stocks, requiring that cars carry tool kits for emergencies and, of course, following the Sharī’ah to the letter. “[A shop owner in Raqqa] said … ‘Here they are implementing God’s reg- ulations. The killer is killed. The adulterer is stoned. The thief’s hands are cut.’” Stephen M. Walt, a professor of in- ternational affairs at Harvard, who was quoted in the same article, said, “I think there is no question that the way to look at it is as a revolutionary state-building organization.” A revolutionary state-building organization? That doesn’t sound like just a terrorist “group” at all. It’s important to remember, as Walt explains elsewhere, that as new countries have been formed throughout history, it often took years before they were recognized by other states. He mentions, 
for example, that Europe refused to formally recognize the Soviet Union for years after the Bolshevik revolution of 1917, the US not doing so until 1933. Likewise, Ameri- ca did not establish diplomatic relations with the People’s Republic of China until 1979, some 30 years after it was founded. “If the Islamic State manages to cling to power, consolidate its position, and create a genuine de facto state in what was previously part of Iraq and Syria,” concludes Stephen Walt, “then other states will need to work togeth- er to teach it the facts of life in the international system.” Well, not quite. The Islamic State holds the “international system” to be a tāghūt, something evil enforcing manmade laws upon people. It will never “learn” to “work” with it. But a truce with Western nations is always an option in Sharī’ah law. 
And here’s the thing. Assad is pretty much finished, with the crumbling ruins of his despotic government now only controlling one-quarter of Syria. Iraq is a disjointed jumble of regions and tribes that never recovered from the Amer- ican invasion and cannot return to what it once was. The Islamic State, straddling both countries as it does, is a Mus- lim empire, a country in which there are no tribal or reli- gious clashes. There is only one sect and only one creed. It is a place run, governed, and protected by Sunni mujāhidīn, and as such is now completely unique in the splintering, infighting mess that is collectively referred to as the Middle East. By way of its singularism, it is a better model for future stability in the region than any of the Gulf states supported or shaped by Western intervention that have subsequently declared war upon it. 
“The Islamic State meets all requirements … to be recog- nized as a state,” he said. “It has a governing structure, it controls territory, a large population, is economically viable, has a large and effective military and provides governmental services such as health care to its population. Dealing with it as if it were a terrorist movement is a non-starter. It is a State and if the West wants to defeat it, it must accept either: 1) The Islamic State is enough of a threat to world or regional peace that the West is willing to go to war with it, or 2) The costs of a war are too great and the West must plan to contain the Islamic State and ultimately negotiate with it as a sovereign State.” 
In a piece published in Foreign Policy on 10th June under the title “What Should We Do if the Islamic State Wins?,” Professor Stephen Walt suggested that victory for the mu- jāhidīn could be considered not as them planting their black flag on top of the Empire State building, but as them retaining the territory they now control and not being “de- graded or destroyed” in any way. So far, they have achieved this. “It eventually moves from pariah to partner, especial- ly when its interests start to coincide with those of other states,” he wrote. “It may still be a troublesome presence in world politics, but it is no longer ostracized. If the Islamic State survives, that is what I’d expect to happen.” Again, Walt is making gross assumptions, as the mujāhidīn would never accept partnership with the West. But if Western na- tions want a truce, they really should think thrice before throwing away the chance. 
The West will need to continue doggedly dropping bombs and cajoling different groups of Shia into the killing zones on the ground for at least another year or two before any true consideration for a truce is reached. But it’s an inter- esting prospect, the West negotiating with the Islamic State. Is it really ever likely to happen? Jonathan Powell was chief negotiator on Northern Ireland for the Tony Blair govern- ment, and on 12th August, he spoke to the BBC about this very subject. 
“We talked to the IRA, not because they had guns but be- cause they had a third of the Catholic vote. If you’re deal- ing with a group with no political support, such as Baad- er-Meinhof, you’re not going to negotiate because there isn’t a political question at the heart of the matter. And it seems to me likely there is a political question at the heart here in Syria and Iraq. If the conflicts I’ve looked at over the last 30 years are anything to go by, and if ISIS have political sup- port, then we will end up speaking to them. Maybe they’ll fade like snow in the spring, but there is very little historical precedent for that happening in this sort of circumstance. It’s my hypothesis that there is such political support. And the idea of extreme Islamists … seems to have enough ro- bustness in it that there is a problem we’re going to have to address politically at some stage, not simply by force of arms.” 
More than one year on from the start of the air campaign against the Islamic State and Martin Dempsey, the 4-star General in charge of the US-led campaign, must be won- dering what’s next. People in the West are impatient and demand results, and they’re not coming. Like Vietnam, the war against the Islamic State looks like it’s turning into a grinding war of attrition to try and reduce the enemy’s numbers without any clear goals set along the way. 
The bombs have certainly killed many mujāhidīn but more arrive to take their place every day, each one just as eager as the last to die a shahīd for the sake of Allah. The bombs have certainly destroyed many tanks and armoured vehi- cles of the Islamic State taken as booty from the Iraqi army (there’s only one gear in Iraqi army tanks: reverse) but the mujāhidīn have merely acquired more from the next fleeing unit. The soldiers of the Caliphate have proved to be a force surprisingly resilient to the shatter and blast of a Paveway bomb or Hellfire missile. 
And all the while, the Caliphate country they fight and die to support has continued to grow and mature. The mu- jāhidīn enjoy fighting the most, but they have proved to be remarkably good at adapting to the needs of social re- quirements and government, too. Having established their country and set a new order in place within the Middle East, what happens over the next few years is more up to the Islamic State than any exterior force. 
like such limitations exist for the Caliphate. The second op- tion is that they goad the West into launching an all-out ground attack, thereby setting the scene for the final bat- tle between Muslims and the crusaders prophesized to be held at Dābiq in Syria, by conducting an operation overseas that is so destructive that America and its allies will have no alternative but to send in an army. This would have to be something on the same scale, if not bigger, than 9/11. Then again, I’m just guessing. American “hawks” may very well come to Dābiq on their own without the Islamic State needing to blow up any dirty bombs in Manhattan. 
In a piece published in The Independent on 21st June titled “We cannot destroy ISIS, so we will have to learn to live with it,” former counter-terrorism chief for MI6 Richard Barrett wrote, “Iraq and Syria will not return to how they were, and whatever it ends up calling itself, a new entity has emerged that will remain in some form. Currently that entity is aggressive, intolerant and uncompromising, but it is a truth that for all its dystopian features, ISIS offers those living under its rule better governance in some respects than they received from the state before it took over. Corruption is far less prevalent, and justice, albeit brutal, is swift and more evenly applied.” 
The Islamic State’s rapid consolidation and shrewd gover- nance of its territories has no doubt caught world leaders by as much surprise as its sudden blitz and capture of Mosul. If you’d told a politician in New York in June 2014 that by October 2015 the Islamic State would have achieved what they have, he’d have laughed in your face. It’s fair to say that the same politician isn’t laughing today. 
On 25 Dhul-Qa’dah 1436, Abū Firās as-Sūrī – formerly of- ficial spokesman of the Jawlānī front, currently a Jawlānī front leader and head of its “shar’ī academies” – published an article exposing the deviance of the Jawlānī front’s allies and consequently his own deviance and that of his party. He titled the piece: “I Am the Nude Warner.” Although he criticizes the factions in general, his major criticisms fo- cused on “Ahrār ash-Shām.” Below are excerpts from his lengthy article: 
“They trick the people and say, ‘A project for the Ummah.’1 They then interpret this whenever they need as a project for Syria alone, encompassing only its land and revolution- aries … This playing on words is an attempt to beautify the proposals of the kuffār and apostates. The sammā’īn [the avid listeners to the kuffār] do this so as to offer the kuffār’s proposals through themselves as Islamic proposals. They beautify the proposals and offer them as if the pro- posals were their own, when the reality is they are nothing but the messengers of the apostates, and in the best case, they are parrots repeating the proposals of the hypocrites and apostates who use these sammā’īn as a part of the war against Islam … The projects of kufr would never penetrate us except through the sammā’īn, not through the ranks of apostate secularists, the atheist liberals, and their parties…” 
“1) They beautify and propagate the principles of the kuffār including nationalism, human rights, and minority rights. 2) They flatter the apostate groups and claim that the mu- jāhidīn oppress them. 3) They ask that the mujāhidīn and apostates refer to them for arbitration, as if the two sides are equal. 4) They announce their acceptance of the kuffār as leaders for the lands. They cooperate with them, welcome them, and follow their orders. 5) They safeguard and sanc- tify the borders that the crusaders and descendants of pigs fabricated. 6) They implicitly and explicitly slander the mu- jāhidīn. They ally with every debased person and apostate party, granting them refuge out of fear that the hands of the mujāhidīn might reach them. 7) They accuse the peo- 1 Editor’s Note: This is the official slogan of the “Islamic Front” led by “Ahrār ash-Shām.” 
ple of īmān with extremism and lack of goodness. They give verdicts that it is prohibited to perform jihād with the mu- jāhidīn. 8) They describe the conceding defeatists as moder- ates. 9) They declare their loyalty to international law. 10) They ally with the enemies of jihād and those who obtain financial aid from the people of kufr and aggression. 11) They seek the support and aid of the kuffār and apostates. 12) They turn a blind eye towards the crimes of the apos- tates and the kuffār, whereas they dig for the mistakes of the good mujāhidīn. 13) They have blind eyes, deaf ears, and mute tongues towards the kāfir and apostate enemies, whereas they have sharp tongues against the people of īmān and jihād. 14) They throw bad labels at the mujāhidīn. They call them the other face of the Khawārij state and a party of deviance and terror, whereas they are more worthy of the description of deviance and farther from the truth and truth- fulness. 15) They declare their barā’ah from Salafī Jihadism. 16) They describe the mujāhidīn as Khawārij, extremists, and corrupters. They wag their tails in front of the apos- tates. 17) They call the tawāghīt ‘wulāt umūr’ [‘the people of authority’]. But this is a lie, misguidance, and falsehood. 18) They prohibit that jihād spreads to all the Muslims and interpret the Ummah to be Syria alone, the Syrian land, the Syrian country! 19) If a kāfir or tāghūt dies, they rush to of- fer condolences and shed tears over him. They support them in their wars that are not jihād for Allah’s sake. 20) They call the mujāhidīn ‘takfīriyyīn’ because the mujāhidīn pro- nounce takfīr upon the crusaders, the Jews, the zanādiqah, and the apostates. 21) They welcome cooperation with the kāfir and apostate states. 22) They follow and call for strict regionalism, as if they hold Sykes-Picot to be holy. 23) They call for a state of justice, law, and freedom, because they are embarrassed of Islam.2 24) They strive to guarantee safety for 2 Editor’s Note: He refers to a document released on 18 Rajab 1435 (“17 May 2014”) known as the “Revolutionary Pact of Honor” signed by the “Islamic Front,” “Alwiyat al-Furqān,” “Jaysh al-Mujāhidīn,” “Faylaq ash- Shām,” and “Al-Ittihād al-Islāmī li Ajnād ash-Shām,” and later endorsed by “Jaysh al-Yarmūk,” all allies of the Jawlānī front. When announced, 
all the sects of kufr, apostasy, and heresy, so that these sects and the head of kufr [America] approves of these factions. 25) They announce their respect of human rights pacts. 26) They are embarrassed of the word ‘jihād,’ replacing it with ‘revolution,’ ‘revolutionary,’ and ‘revolutionary action.’ 27) They promise not to own or attempt to obtain weapons of mass destruction, so as to calm Israel. 28) They announce that their operations are restricted to the Syrian lands, to calm the Jews. 29) They ask America to use them while not fearing that Allah will replace them … These are some of their traits. And the matter is more disastrous and the calamity is even more widespread…” 
“They attempt to seduce the mujāhidīn into accepting stip- ulations formulated in Iblīs’s lodge. Iblīs then applied the appropriate makeup and gave the stipulations to the sam- mā’īn so that they could promote them. From amongst the demands they made in accordance with the desires of Shay- tān and his proxies were: … that operations are executed by Syrians alone and that the muhājirīn are banished. They also refused to denounce the pacts they formerly released, doing so in service of Shaytān and his proxies.” 
“From the pacts that these sammā’īn announced before – a pact they recently declared their continued commitment to and refusal to renounce – was a pact published due to instructions from Turkey and Qatar, resulting from West- ern requests. The sammā’īn themselves admitted this in the presence of numerous leaders of the mujāhidīn, my poor self being amongst them. It becomes clear that the decla- rations and demands of the sammā’īn are nothing but an execution of the demands of the apostate states, who have behind them the centers of kufr and international masonry. So the demands of the sammā’īn are nothing but a demand from the apostates and the execution of the demand is done in obedience to the apostates, in line with their ranks. Can this be accepted by someone whose heart was touched by īmān or who tasted obedience to Allah?” 
“And are these demands in accordance with the Sharī’ah or in opposition to it? 1) There is no doubt they oppose it it was read on camera by the now dead Hassān ‘Abbūd, former head of “Ahrār ash-Shām.” The most deviant clauses in the covenant promise – verbatim – to target the regime and its allies alone (i.e. no targeting of Jews, Christians, the Druze, the Ismā’īliyyah, etc.), to rely militarily on Syrian people when forming military forces (i.e. no muhājirīn), to estab- lish a state of justice, law, security, and freedom (i.e. no Sharī’ah), while also providing such to the multi-religious Syrian people (including the Bātiniyyah), and to respect “human rights”! And yet the Jawlānī front co- operated with these apostate parties in the war against the Islamic State! 
from a number of angles … Unity of ranks is not viewed by them except through the eyesight of a chicken. They look to Syria as being the whole world … They then unify with the people of the American ‘Military Operation Coopera- tion’ room, the followers of America, the soldiers of Iblīs, and everyone upon whom the devils descend. 2) Accepting the stipulations of the sammā’īn also means approving or even partaking in their relationships and their receiving of instructions from the apostate states, and this is a manāt3. 3) Accepting the stipulations of the sammā’īn also means approving of their seeking help from the kuffār, and this is not permissible according to the Sharī’ah. 4) Accepting the stipulations of the sammā’īn also means approving of their restricting of jihād to the Syrian lands, a becalming message to the Jews. This is not permissible according to the Sharī’ah, and is a form of foul regionalism. 5) Accepting the stipulations of the sammā’īn also means approving of their safeguarding of apostate and heretical sects, and this is a manāt. 6) The rest of the disasters found in their pacts in- cluding the struggle to establish a state of justice, freedom, and law, and other deviances, are not hidden from anyone with a mind even if he is a layman in Sharī’ah.” 
He then describes them as “an ally whose decision is in the hands of apostate regimes” and who are “allied to the apos- tate regimes and groups. They blatantly call to what is de- manded from them by the kuffār and apostates. This party with these traits leads the Jabhah [Jawlānī front] towards the camp of treachery. If the Jabhah refuses to partake in the treachery of the sammā’īn, it will not be able to go back to square one, thereby bringing about its own end…” 
are not the player in front of the Jabhah, rather the sam- mā’īn are a bride on the stage of brides who are moved by strings in the hand of America, the head of the axis of evil, representing the Zionist-crusader coalition and those who follow its caravan from the apostate regimes, the Mossad, and all the forces of kufr who have declared war against Is- lam. I know that the opinion of the tricksters is not like this and that they continue to assume the best in the sammā’īn. I’m very sorry to say that these people are very, very few. Alhamdulillāh. They are in a distant delusion, straying in the passes of falsehood and crypts of deviance.” 
“To be brief, the sammā’īn are like a girl who lost her vir- ginity by having harām relationships with the apostate re- gimes behind her. She was irritated by every woman who preserved her honor, chastity, principles, and religion, and instead of repenting to Allah, she wants to entangle every chaste women so that they are like her in vileness. Allah (ta’ālā) said, {They wish you would disbelieve as they disbe- lieved so you would be alike. So do not take from among them allies until they perform hijrah for the cause of Allah} [An-Nisā’: 89]…” 
“Some of those with heartburn ask where the jihād scene is headed and they expect a military conflict with the sam- mā’īn … I say, yes, the condition is dangerous. The con- dition in the arena is dangerous … As for the issue of a conflict with the sammā’īn, then I ask Allah that it doesn’t reach that, and that He prepares for the sammā’īn one who will return them to the truth. Nevertheless, the matter is severe…” 
“What is the difference between the group of sammā’īn and between Hazm and Jamāl Ma’rūf? Keep in mind that they gave refuge to the groups of Hazm and Ma’rūf after our con- flicts with them. What is the difference between the group of sammā’īn and between Zinkī and Zahrān ‘Allūsh? Keep in mind that the sammā’īn are linked to ‘Allūsh through a coalition and strive to form a coalition with Zinkī and its likes! All of them collect money from the outside. All of them follow agendas from the outside. And when the sammā’īn ally with people like these, it indicates that there is no difference between them. And when the sammā’īn de- nounce the actions of the Jabhah against Jamāl Ma’rūf and Hazm, this means they are in the other camp. And when they take arms from Ma’rūf’s group, claim that there is a se- 
“Hazm, Jamāl Ma’rūf, the sammā’īn, Zinkī, and their likes are connected to foreign agendas. They all receive aid from the governments of apostasy and kufr. The sammā’īn gave refuge to Ma’rūf and Hazm and protected them from us. All of them execute what is dictated to them. But the master of all of them has not asked from the sammā’īn what he asked from Hazm and Ma’rūf. Their like is that of the scholars of the tāghūt … What the tāghūt of Syria and tāghūt of Egypt demanded from their muftis, the Saudi tāghūt did not demand initially. So the Saudi scholars appeared more acceptable. But when the Saudi tāghūt demanded from its scholars the same as the other tawāghīt, they executed what was required of them … Rather, they did so in a more harmful and dangerous way. This is the exact difference be- tween the sammā’īn and between Hazm and Ma’rūf. All the movements that collect money – throughout history and to this day and age – have submitted to their masters and exe- cuted their orders when demanded. They will remain slaves to those who pay them.”4 
4 Editor’s Note: If “Ahrār ash-Shām” are just like Ma’rūf and Hazm, why did the Jawlānī front cooperate with “Ahrār ash-Shām” against the Isla- mic State? It was nothing but hypocrisy and apostasy. Note: Ma’rūf was a former ally of the Jawlānī front against the Islamic State. As for Hazm, it was not formed until shortly after the Sahwah, but many of its founding leaders were in the Free Syrian Army and nationalist factions of the wes- tern countryside of Aleppo. The Jawlānī front cooperated with them in the Sahwah against the Islamic State before the formation of Hazm. It la- ter cooperated with the “Shāmiyyah Front” against the Islamic State after the unrepentant Hazm dissolved into the apostate “Shāmiyyah Front.” 
This piece was followed by responses written by the Sahwah “ideologue” Abū Qatādah al-Filistīnī and the Sahwah liar Abū ‘Abdillāh ash-Shāmī (a top leader of the Jawlānī front), both of whom criticized Abū Firās for his open criticism of “Ahrār ash-Shām.” Abū Firās responded by writing an article titled “The Bankrupt Ones.” In it he said, “He who read the response of my brother Abū ‘Abdillāh ash-Shāmī gets the impression that Abū ‘Abdillāh read my article on- line and had not known about it before! The truth is that I showed the article to my brother Abū ‘Abdillāh ash-Shāmī two months before publishing it. It earned his praise … So why did he approve of it only to later censure it? Is it an independent opinion that he reached later, or pressure upon our brother Abū ‘Abdillāh ash-Shāmī? Was he pressured so strongly? Allah knows best.” 
Abū Firās later criticizes Abū ‘Abdillāh ash-Shāmī for ig- noring the blatant remarks of deviance made by Abū ‘Ab- dil-Malik “ash-Shar’ī,” Abū Yazan ash-Shāmī, Abū Ayman al-Hamwī, Abū Sāriyah ash-Shāmī (all of whom are dead former leaders of “Ahrār ash-Shām”), and Abū Jābir ash- Shaykh (former leader of “Ahrār ash-Shām”), including their disavowal of international jihād, their readiness to co- operate with and even fight alongside the kāfir states and apostate regimes, their protection of the apostate sects, their call for a state of justice, law, and freedom, their wish to support the apostate states in other wars, their endorsement of Turkish intervention in Shām, and their desire to unite with the agents of kufr and enemies of Islam. After quoting these various leaders he says, “My words on the sammā’īn were based on facts. Before you are a selection of these facts. My words were not based on suspected outcomes.”5 
Of course, the retraction of stances is not new to Abū ‘ Abdillāh ash-Shāmī, as he had before labelled “Ahrār ash- Shām” to be the “Future Hamas” (referring to the devi- ant methodology of Hamas and their ruling by manmade laws).6 And although Abū ‘Abdillāh criticized Abū Firās, he himself had made similar albeit less explicit statements about the Syrian factions in his response to at-Tartūsī and his interview with “Al-Manārah al-Baydā’.” His leader – Jawlānī – had called “Ahrār ash-Shām” “the sahwāt of the 
5 Editor’s Note: All but one of the apostates he quotes are from the dead former leadership of “Ahrār ash-Shām.” Also, the various pacts he refers to were all written in the time of these dead leaders and signed by them. So why was he critical of the Islamic State for pronouncing takfīr of “Ahrār ash-Shām” and their allies? And why did he himself cooperate with “Ahrār ash-Shām” against the Islamic State! 6 Editor’s Note: See Dābiq, issue 10, “Interview with Abū Samīr al-Ur- dunī (former member of Jawlānī’s shūrā council),” page 75. 
What we see before us are the signs of the ultimate collapse of the Jawlānī front. Its top leaders publically denounce the extreme deviance of their closest allies, criticize each other, and accuse each other of lies, disobeying orders, and not respecting nor abiding by shūrā. They flatter the other sah- wāt, fearing that they might turn on them, after serving them in their treachery against the Islamic State. They ex- pose the reality of the other sahwāt, that they are agents of the crusaders and the tawāghīt, showing that the Jawlānī front knew this all along through their close relationship and closed door meetings with the Sahwah leaders. But because of the jihād claimants’ irjā’, the various forms of apostasy their allies fall into do not merit takfīr nor war! And so they cooperate with these apostate allies against the Islamic State, thereby drowning themselves in the depths of apostasy.8 
Abū Junaydah, whose parents are from Morocco, grew up in the crusader country of Germany. Like most youth from migrant families, he was somewhat distant from his religion despite his father and mother both then being re- ligious Muslims. And although life in dārul-kufr led many Muslim youth to abandon the daily prayers, Abū Junayd- ah was an exception. No matter what he faced in life, he would never forget salāh. 
In “2013,” he travelled to Shām and joined the faction called “Junūd ash-Shām,” led by the deviant liar Muslim ash-Shīshānī. Upon arrival, Abū Junaydah was very hap- py to have arrived to the lands of jihād, but he quickly found out that not every “mujāhid” and not every “jihādī” faction is on the sound manhaj. He and the other mu- jāhidīn were forbidden from pronouncing takfīr upon the tāghūt Erdogan and the other tawāghīt of Turkey for rea- sons of “maslahah.” Similarly, they were forbidden from pronouncing takfīr upon the “Free Syrian Army” (FSA). He witnessed how he himself as well as the Islamic State were strongly criticized for this. There were also many sit- uations in which the law of Allah was violated by the local factions; the people weren’t being judged by the Sharī’ah. In one of these cases, for example, a local person insult- ed Allah (ta’ālā) and did not receive punishment for his crime. 
cousin Abū Hafs al-Almānī in order to wage jihād against the tawāghīt everywhere and their allies. But Abū Luqmān and Abū Hafs did not stay long with Junūd ash-Shām, as they quickly recognized the corrupt and deviant manhaj of the faction and understood that they should join the Jamā’ah. Thus they both gave bay’ah to Amīrul-Mu’minīn Abū Bakr al-Husaynī al-Baghdādī (hafidhahullāh), joining the Islamic State. 
Because of Abū Sulaymān the Australian’s lies, Abū Junay- dah had some misconceptions about the Islamic State, but his heart was longing to join the Jamā’ah, to be on its side while the whole world had assembled against it militarily, politically, economically, and even in the media realm. He also began catching many contradictions in the claims of Abū Sulaymān the Australian and his Sahwah comrades against the Islamic State. In addition to this, Abū Hafs – who was stuck in Halab after his release from the early Sah- wah prisons – would regularly advise Abū Junaydah to join the Islamic State. 
Shortly after, Abū Junaydah was tasked with many da’wah projects but he always wanted to return to fighting. He longed for his cousin and wanted to be together with him again. Abū Hafs had partaken in the battles near Sirrīn against the sahwāt of Liwā Thuwwār ar-Raqqah, who are led by the former Jawlānī front leader Abū ‘Īsā ar-Raqqah. He also participated in the battles against the sahwāt of al- Khayr, who were led by the Jawlānī front leader Abū Māri- yah al-Harārī. He was treacherously murdered in the sum- mer of “2014” by Harārī’s “soldiers” in a drive-by shooting inside one of the liberated towns of al-Khayr. May Allah accept him. 
Abū Junaydah was very much saddened but he remained committed to his work and tried to explain to his relatives and family that Abū Hafs had given his blood for the estab- lishment of the Khilāfah and that it was the greatest wish of them both that their families perform hijrah to the Islamic State. By Allah’s grace, his sister followed his example as she did not want to remain any longer in a country involved in 
Despite his da’wah work and despite him having two wives and children for whom he cared, he participated in many battles against the apostates. He took part in the battles of ‘ Ayn al-Islām, Tadmur, and Māri’, where he finally achieved what he had for so long been yearning for, shahādah. Cru- sader planes came to the aid of the sahwāt of Halab – the allies of Qā’idah in Shām – and struck a position where he was performing ribāt on the outskirts of Māri’. He was killed instantly, during the most blessed days of the year, the first ten days of Dhul-Hijjah. The Prophet g said, “No deeds are as good as deeds done in these ten days.” They asked him, “Not even jihād?” He replied, “Not even jihād, except for a man who endangers himself and his wealth [in jihād], and returns with nothing” [Reported by al-Bukhārī from Ibn ‘Abbās]. This hadith was one he chose to narrate to brothers while on his way to Māri’. 
When the dream of khilāfah became a reality presenting the chance to perform hijrah to a land where the Sharī’ah of Allah and the Sunnah of His beloved Messenger g would be revived and upheld, there was nothing that could hold him back from answering the call. As occurred with many others, it felt as though his entire life seemed to lead him to this moment. Hijrah however is no easy task. As is the case with all other acts of worship that are beloved to Allah, Shaytān stands diligently in the way. His parents recall him having said during all the trials they faced before embarking upon hijrah, “This is it for me. I want to have nothing of this Dunyā.” Allah the All-Hearing blessed him with not only the opportunity to perform hijrah himself, but to lead a party of sixteen others from among his closest family members, including his parents, wife, and six chil- dren. This is a blessing so rare among the muhājirīn of the Islamic State. 
Abū Shurayh rarely ever missed qiyām al-layl. And throughout the last month of his brief life in the bless- ed month of Ramadān, he led his family in tarāwīh ev- ery evening, with his beautiful recitation of the Qur’ān. He also volunteered for many night shifts in Ramadān at ribāt checkpoints despite his demanding daytime respon- sibilities in da’wah. The niyyah to be on guard and defend dārul-Islām never left his heart, which is the essence of ribāt. He was a murābit regardless of his job and where- abouts. He also participated in battles for the T3 gas fields and Jazal, both in Wilāyat Hims. 
Having had the opportunity to serve the Khilāfah, through the favor and grace of Allah, and doing his duty towards his family particularly his children by bringing them from dārul-kufr to dārul-Islām, where they will thrive and grow to serve and fight for Allah’s religion, by Allah’s permission, Abū Shurayh as-Sīlānī attained shahādah by a Nusayrī air- strike on the city of ar-Raqqah, outside the masjid, after maghrib prayer, during the ten most blessed nights of the year, on the 25th night of Ramadān 1436. There was one airstrike, so he returned to the masjid to check for any ca- sualties, and on the way he was killed by a second strike. 
Abū Shurayh r showed great enthusiasm towards religious studies from a very young age. Even as a young man, he would stand strong and firm when confronted by various people of bid’ah in matters of ‘aqīdah. After completion of his studies in Sri Lanka, he continued on in the study of Sharī’ah abroad. His kindness, devotion, and deep concern for the Ummah seemed always to move him in a differ- ent direction away from the mundane worldly desires and concerns of most people. Having grown up in a village, he despised life in the city and always preferred to keep things bare and simple. He was also an advocate for physical fit- ness and was a master of martial arts, for which he was re- nowned. When he left Sri Lanka to perform hijrah, he had a prestigious job in the suburbs. Through his travels and his own enthusiasm for understanding the matters of religion, he gained proficiency in the Arabic and Urdu languages, apart from being fluent in English and the native languag- es spoken in Sri Lanka. It was neither strange nor rare for him to engage in conversation with the local people of ar- Raqqah, enjoining good and forbidding evil, giving da’wah, and clearing any doubts or apprehensions they might have regarding the newly established Khilāfah. 
For Abū Shurayh r, the concepts of hijrah and jihād, the return of the Khilāfah, the great battles that will be fought and won, the return of Prophet ‘Īsā n, among other relat- ed topics were regular conversation with close family and friends. He grew up with the dream that he would live to see the unravelling of those events that we only read and hear about from the books of hadīth. He was among the few that strongly believed that those times were not far. He was loved and respected among family and friends for his 
Abū Muhārib: Alhamdullilāh, the situation in Somalia is currently very fluid and fast moving, with several groups already defecting from Harakat ash-Shabāb in southern So- malia and others waiting. Groups in northern Somalia have also openly declared bay’ah. Some groups at the present stage cannot openly declare bay’ah due to security reasons and other factors. However, there is a phase of coordination and cooperation currently being undertaken in order to achieve a synchronized media effort, tactical maneuvering of forces, and securing of logistics to achieve strategic aims. Inshā’allāh, this will be soon. 
Abū Muhārib: Currently there is a crusader AMISOM (African Union Mission in Somalia) presence in Somalia backing the apostate government. There are regions outside the control of the apostate government and the crusaders which are either with Harakat ash-Shabāb or are effectively a “no man’s land” – this being mainly in the countryside – with a tribal presence but limited or no presence of either the movement or the government. 
Abū Muhārib: Harakat ash-Shabāb’s choice of still being with al-Qā’idah has baffled its many sincere soldiers at all levels, hence the current continuing reality of mass defec- tions and political turmoil. This outcome is the result of the leadership contradicting its official rhetoric of working for the revival of khilāfah. It did this by refusing advice and ignoring the appeals of its soldiers to give bay’ah when the Khilāfah was finally established. This matter has reinforced 1 Note: This interview was held before the recent wave of bay’āt from various Shabāb groups and individuals to the Islamic State. Accordingly, the situation on the ground has changed significantly since then. 
Abū Muhārib: In reality, it has no effect because the Shabāb leadership sees Dhawāhirī as simply a symbolic figure who has no real control of affairs. Internally, Shabāb policy mak- ers act independently in accordance with alleged interests. Like I said before, the bay’ah to al-Qā’idah and being un- der Dhawāhirī are used as a political tool by the leadership to sideline and dismantle internal political strife. Examples of this include the dissolving of the Shūrā body under the pretext of “taking orders” from al-Qā’idah, and on the other side of the coin, “We can’t be under the Khilāfah as we are under Dhawāhirī…” 
Abū Muhārib: Only a few leaders may consider the Islamic State to be Khawārij, but this is not the mainstream view. As for the Taliban hoax, then it was severely embarrassing for the Shabāb leadership, as they had no explanation for it. This also reinforced the confusing paradigm that existed for years for which there was never a real explanation. I refer to the Shabāb-under-Dhawāhirī-under-Taliban paradigm, a concept never comprehended by the Shabāb soldiers. 
Locally the Shabāb – in certain matters – acted as an Islamic emirate, such as the bay’ah to its leader being considered wājib and the policy of killing any armed opposition or di- visive defection. In other issues, it acted as an organization, as being an official branch of al-Qā’idah. And in other mat- ters, they possessed their own independent policies on the ground. So what was the role of Mullā ‘Umar in all of this? Was his opinion ever sought on any matter? Or is he yet an- other symbolic figure? Why was the bay’ah not simply given to him if he was truly the supreme leader for all these years? Why was it instead given to the Shabāb leader? 
Abū Muhārib: There is no criticism of the official manhaj of Harakat ash-Shabāb upon which it was founded. How- ever, I believe the leadership should fear Allah with regards to abandoning their founding principles and fanatically holding onto personal opinions and hizbiyyah. They should not forget what happened to the jihād factions in Iraq and Shām who followed such a path. We seek refuge with Allah from such befalling them. It should also be noted that at the height of its power and consolidation, the movement did not implement the Sharī’ah fully when it had the ability to do so. For example, it never fully banned qat (a narcotic drug chewed by some locals) and implemented a number of questionable policies all in the name of a loosely defined “maslahah” and to preserve “popular support.” 
movement or anyone who is perceived to have destabilized the unity of the soldiery under their hold. Secondly, af- ter the Khilāfah announcement, they have utilized several methods to deter, oppress, and terrorize those mujāhidīn in their ranks who support the Khilāfah. These methods include imprisoning the Khilāfah supporters, raiding their houses to cause them fear, isolating them, and using finan- cial punishments such as cutting allowances for their fami- lies as a pressure tactic to force them to compromise. Sadly, these allowances were raised from Muslims for the sake of jihād, not for the purpose of waging a campaign against the Khilāfah. 
They have also forced many mujāhidīn to attend their “shar’ī” courses in an attempt to create doubts about the Khilāfah amongst the soldiers. They have also several times banned distribution of Islamic State videos but reversed this ban due to the sheer popularity of the Islamic State’s media. Through their security department, they have made intim- idating phone calls and threatening SMS messages to vari- ous Khilāfah supporters. Despite all this, the drive towards bay’ah is phenomenal and is maintaining an explosive pace. The soldiers continue to take the risk and defect, seeking to join any of the newly formed Khilāfah battalions. 
Abū Muhārib: Since the announcement of the Khilāfah, many muhājirīn have left to Shām and Yemen, while others had also been trying to leave. The strongest reason was the issue of the Khilāfah and the Shabāb leadership not giving bay’ah. As for those entering Somalia now and those re- maining here, then the bulk of these muhājirīn are from the neighboring East African countries, as the closest place for them to perform hijrah to is Somalia. 
Abū Muhārib: My advice is for everyone to fulfill the ob- ligation and give bay’ah to the Khalīfah, Amīrul-Mu’minīn Abū Bakr al-Husaynī al-Baghdādī, to be with the Jamā’ah and the Imām of the Muslims. Allah c said, {And hold firmly to the rope of Allah all together and do not become divided} [Āli ‘Imrān: 103]. Hudhayfah Ibn al-Yamān k said, “The people used to ask Rasūlullāh g about good and I used to ask him about evil, fearing it might reach me. So I said, ‘O Rasūlullāh, we were in jāhiliyyah and evil, then Allah brought us this good, so is there evil after this good?’ He said, ‘Yes.’ I said, ‘Is there any good after that evil?’ He said, ‘Yes, and it will be tainted.’ I said, ‘What is its taint?’ He said, ‘A people who follow other than my Sunnah, and take as guidance other than my guidance. You recognize good and evil from them.’ I said, ‘Is there any evil after that good?’ He said, ‘Yes, callers at the gates of Hellfire, they will throw into Hellfire whoever answers their call to it.’ I said, ‘O Rasūlullāh, describe them to us.’ He said, ‘They are a people from our skin who speak with our tongues.’ I said, ‘O Rasūlullāh, what do you advise I do if I reach that time.’ He said, ‘Stick to the jamā’ah [the khilāfah] of the Muslims and their imām [the khalīfah].’ I said, ‘What if they have no jamā’ah nor imām?’ He said, ‘Then abandon all of those sects even if you have to bite the root of a tree until death comes upon you while you are in that condition’” [Report- ed by al-Bukhārī and Muslim]. 
Abū Muhārib: Our advice is simply to fear Allah with re- gards to their jihād, and to ask themselves, where is the ji- hād in Somalia under the Shabāb leadership going? Was the blood of the shuhadā’ spilled in order for you to recognize Iran as a “Muslim” state and the Rāfidah as your “broth- ers”? Are you really fighting for khilāfah? Were all the sac- rifices made only to abandon walā’ and barā’ and to pursue Sykes-Picot politics under Mullā Akhtar and his nationalist agenda? And ask yourselves, who really is in charge of you? Is it Abū ‘Ubaydah? Dhawāhirī? Or Mullā Akhtar? Or all of them together at once?! Is it not time to do what is cor- rect and give bay’ah to the Khalīfah, thereby freeing yourself from this confusion, deviation, taqlīd, and hizbiyyah, and thereby really supporting and saving the jihād in Somalia? 
As the American-led crusaders contin- ue waging war against the Khilāfah, more and more Muslims continue demonstrating their willingness to sacrifice everything precious to them for the sake of fulfilling their duty to Allah. While many continue to do so by undertaking hijrah to the Is- lamic State, others do so by defiantly terrorizing the crusaders in their very strongholds. Such was the case on the 20th of Safar when Syed Rizwan Fa- rook and his wife Tashfeen Malik car- ried out an attack on the kuffār in San 
Bernardino, California and succeeded in killing 14 of them and wounding 22 more. As the operation took place, Tashfeen Malik made a post online reaffirming their bay’ah to Amīrul- Mu’minīn, Shaykh Abū Bakr al-Bagh- dādī (hafidhahullāh). She and her hus- band then engaged in a shootout with security forces and were killed, thereby attaining shahādah in the path of Al- lah. We consider them so, and Allah is their judge. Thus, the Khilāfah’s call for the Muslims to strike the crusad- ers in their own lands was answered once more, but on this particular oc- casion the attack was unique. The mujāhid involved did not suffice with embarking upon the noble path of ji- hād alone. Rather, he conducted the operation together with his wife, with the two thereby aiding one another in righteousness and taqwā. 
will have mercy upon them. Indeed, Allah is Exalted in Might and Wise} [At-Tawbah: 71]. The Prophet  said, “May Allah have mercy upon a man who gets up at night and prays and then wakes up his wife who then prays, and if she refuses, sprinkles wa- ter on her face. May Allah have mercy upon a woman who gets up at night and prays and then wakes up her hus- band who then prays, and if he refuses, sprinkles water on his face” [Reported by Abū Dāwūd, an-Nasā’ī, and oth- ers from Abū Hurayrah]. If this is the du’ā’ of the Prophet  for a husband and wife who aid each other in getting up for qiyām al-layl, how much more deserving of Allah’s blessing are a hus- band and wife who march out togeth- er to fight the crusaders in defense of the Khilāfah! And the brother’s bless- ed wife accompanied him despite the fact that combat is not even obligatory upon her, but she did not want to lose the opportunity for shahādah at a time when many “men” of the Ummah have turned away from the obligation of ji- hād. 
was dearest to them for the sake of re- sponding to Allah , for not only did they leave behind their comfortable lifestyle, but prior to the operation they left their baby daughter in the care of others knowing that they likely wouldn’t see her again in this life. Such sacrifices mirror the hardship and diffi- culty faced by so many Muslims who have embarked upon the path to make hijrah to the lands of jihād. Many were forced to make a choice to either leave behind their comfort and luxury, their families and friends, their wives and children, and their wealth and busi- nesses, or to abandon jihād for the cause of Allah. Allah  said, {Say, “If your fathers, your sons, your broth- ers, your wives, your relatives, wealth which you have obtained, commerce wherein you fear decline, and dwell- ings with which you are pleased are more beloved to you than Allah and His Messenger and jihād in His cause, then wait until Allah executes His command. And Allah does not guide the defiantly disobedient people”} [At-Tawbah: 24]. As such, Syed Riz- wan Farook and his wife chose Allah  and the Hereafter over the Dunyā, just as the Sahābah did so before them. 
the sake of Allah, we remind them of Allah’s promise to care for those left behind by the believers. Allah  said, {Indeed, those who have said, “Our Lord is Allah” and then remained on a right course – the angels will descend upon them, saying, “Do not fear and do not grieve but receive good tidings of Jannah, which you were promised. We [angels] were your allies in the worldly life and are so in the Hereaf- ter”} [Fussilat: 30-31]. Imām Mujāhid, the famous mufassir of the Tābi’īn, said that the meaning of {Do not fear and do not grieve} is, “Do not fear that which you are heading to of the affairs of the Hereafter, and do not grieve over what you’ve left behind of your Dunyā, including family and children, for we will look after all of that for you” [At-Tabarī]. 
Thus, the believers who do trade with Allah will never lose, rather, they only stand to profit. {O you who have be- lieved, shall I guide you to a transac- tion that will save you from a painful punishment? It is that you believe in Allah and His Messenger and strive in the cause of Allah with your wealth and your lives. That is best for you, if you should know. He will forgive for you your sins and admit you to gar- dens beneath which rivers flow and pleasant dwellings in gardens of per- 
On the 21st of Rabī’ al-Awwal, the tāghūt regime of Āl Sa’ūd, with the ap- proval of their judges and the support of their scholastic stooges, executed dozens of great men whose only “of- fense” was preaching tawhīd and wag- ing jihād in the path of Allah. Most prominent among those killed were the scholars Abū Jandal al-Azdī (Fāris Āl Shuwayl az-Zahrānī), Hamd al-Hu- maydī, and ‘Abdul-‘Azīz at-Tuwayli’ī, may Allah accept them all amongst the shuhadā’. Allah  said, {And do not say of those killed in the path of Allah, “They are dead.” Rather, they are alive but you do not perceive} [Al-Baqarah: 154]. 
Since the establishment of their present state, the Saudi regime is well known to have committed more than one nul- lifier of Islam. The images and videos of Saudi “royals” dancing, prancing, and even kissing their crusader coun- terparts as these “royals” support the crusaders in the wars against Islam and Muslims are famous enough that no one can deny their show of mutual love, and Allah  said, {You do not find any people believing in Allah and the Last Day having mutual love for whoever opposed Allah and His Mes- senger} [Al-Mujādilah: 22]. 
are undoubtedly murtaddīn. Their apostasy is even grosser than any oth- er, having studied the clear texts prov- ing their collapse into kufr. They have sought to justify the apostasy of their masters with deception, embroidering their arguments with misquoted āyāt, ahādīth, and āthār from the Salaf. In the severest terms, they have advised the youth to reject the true meaning of jihād and to replace it with national pride. The “hukm of Allah” to them is whatever the Saudi governmental min- istries have deemed acceptable. There- fore, it must be understood that these scholars are not simply silent bystand- ers in the background. 
of this effort to dissuade Muslims from jihād and from upholding the Sharī’ah, averting them from the path of Allah. Hiding behind claims of be- ing “Sunnī,” “Hanbalī,” “Salafī,” and especially descendants and students of Muhammad Ibn ‘Abdil-Wahhāb, they are truly nothing more than slaves of tāghūt, waging war against the mu- jāhidīn in order to maintain the status quo. It was Ibn ‘Abdil-Wahhāb r who mentioned among the ten greatest nullifiers of Islam, “Eighth: Backing the mushrikīn and aiding them against the Muslims. The evidence is His  saying, {And whoever allies with them of you, then indeed he is of them. Ver- ily Allah does not guide the tyrannical people}” [Ar-Rasā’il ash-Shakhsiyyah]. 
These apostate palace scholars were de- scribed by the Prophet  as “callers to the gates of Jahannam” and that “they are of our skin and speak our lan- guage.” When asked what should be done in case one witnesses such evil, he  ordered, “Stick with the Jamā’ah of the Muslims and their leader” [Re- ported by al-Bukhārī and Muslim from Hudhayfah]. Allah’s Messenger  also said, “Whoever comes to you wanting to break your strength or divide your unity while your matter is altogeth- er under a single man, then kill him” [Reported by Muslim from ‘Arfajah]. 
This is the punishment for one who merely attempts to divide the Mus- lim Jamā’ah – the Khilāfah – through propaganda and arms. What then of these supporters of tawāghīt, these beacons of kufr, these callers to the gates of Jahannam, who – with their misleading lectures and fatāwā – lead the ignorant to support the tawāghīt?! They have committed shirk in the rule of Allah, just as they have taken them- selves as lords beside Allah, knowingly permitting the harām and forbidding not only the halāl but even the wājib! They are undoubtedly mushrikīn, and Allah  said, {Then kill the mushrikīn wherever you find them} [At-Tawbah: 5]. 
war against the Saudi regime. Rather, he directed those who intend to seek revenge for the scholars to instead at- tack the Jewish and crusader masters of Āl Sa’ūd. The so-called “wise man of the Ummah” considered this the best response to the regime, wildly claim- ing it would push the crusaders to stop backing the Saudi state, a state that has done its utmost to serve the crusaders! The jihād claimants don’t seem to real- ize that the only response to the shed- ding of Muslim blood is massacring the apostate murderers and all those who aid them – especially their loyal “scholars.” 
When then will the Muslims of the Arabian Peninsula wake up and act out against the apostasy of these palace scholars? Indeed, these “scholars” have broken their oaths with Allah and with the Muslims, just as they have target- ed the religion with their lies and in- stigation against the people of jihād and piety. As Allah  said, {And if they break their oaths after their cov- enant and defame your religion, then fight the imāms of kufr! Indeed, they shall have no oaths [of safety], that they might stop} [At-Tawbah: 12], so they shall have no pact nor safety and must be fought. Indeed, they are the present-day Abū Jahl Ibn Hishām, Umayyah Ibn Khalaf, and ‘Utbah Ibn Rabī’ah, putting jāhilī “national inter- est” in front of the establishment of Islam. 
In short, the Safawī State was a political cult of the Ith- nā-‘Ashriyyah (Twelver) Rāfidah, whose state was founded by Ismā’īl Ibn Haydar in 906AH and officially fell in 1148AH. In addition to their atrocious revival of Rafd (the religion of the Rāfidah), they laid great emphasis on the Persian language (Farsi) and culture. Today’s Rāfidah are undoubtedly a contin- uation of this cult as they practice the same Rafd, implement the same policies towards Ahlus-Sunnah, and propagate the same Persianism. 
Ismā’īl’s claim was that he received instructions from the awaited “Mahdī,” becoming “Allah’s representative on earth” to usher in a new state and sponsor the 12 imāms considered “infallible” by the Rāfidah. Due to his Sūfī background, he claimed to receive “ilhām ghaybī,” a kind of “gnostic inspi- ration,” resulting in his followers ascribing a divine status to him, even considering him “Allah’s spirit incarnate” – we seek refuge with Allah from such blatant kufr! 
With the full support of the Qizilbāsh1 Rāfidī militia, Ismā’īl killed scores of Muslims, especially targeting any scholars teaching the Sunnah. He massacred thousands upon thou- sands and burned all the books of Ahlus-Sunnah, not even sparing their copies of the Qur’ān. Originally hosting an overwhelming Sunni-majority population, Persia, eastern Iraq, and Khurāsān were once bustling with knowledge con- veyed by the likes of linguists Sībawayh and al-Azharī; hadīth masters al-Bukhārī and Muslim; mufassirīn at-Tabarī and al- Baghawī; and fuqahā’ al-Marwazī and Ibnul-Mundhir. But once controlled by the Safawiyyah, these lands became virtu- ally void of scholarship. 
An age of darkness quickly spread over the once enlight- ened Persia. Ismā’īl and his descendants worked to forcefully convert the Sunni majority to the Rāfidī religion. The same took place in other Sunni majority lands, including Azerbai- jan. Arab Rāfidī “scholars” from Lebanon, Bahrain, and Iraq were imported to teach their deviant tenets. The most famous of them – and one of the first to arrive – was ‘Alī Ibn al-Hu- sayn al-Karakī (died 940AH), who was given the position of “Shaykhul-Islām” and put in charge of an official agency estab- lished to oversee the conversion of Ahlus-Sunnah. It was al- Karakī who issued the fatāwā allowing Ithnā-‘Ashrī Rāfidah to use military force to establish their rule, thus “substantiating” Ismā’īl’s claims and justifying all of his abuses. Many Sunnis left Persia, but those who stayed were persecuted, having to decide to either apostatize or face death. Regarding this pro- cess and his cruelty to Ahlus-Sunnah, Ismā’īl said, “This mat- ter concerns me not, as Allah and the infallible imāms are with me, so I fear no one. If any of my subjects voice any objection, I shall unsheathe my sword and leave none alive.” 
In imitation of Ibn Buwayh, a Rāfidī leader of the fourth cen- tury, Ismā’īl revived public observance of al-Husayn’s death, the rituals of which were described by Ibn Kathīr, who said, “Orders were given [by Ibn Buwayh] for the markets to close, for women to wear hair-woven sackcloths, and to go out with their faces and hair uncovered, as they slapped their faces and wailed for al-Husayn Ibn ‘Alī Ibn Abī Tālib. Ahlus-Sunnah were unable to prevent this due to the number of Shī’ah and their dominance, as the ruler was on the side of the Shī’ah” [Al-Bidāyah wan-Nihāyah]. 
Festivities marking the assassination of ‘Umar Ibn al-Khattāb r were also established during this time. This practice was supported by Muhammad Bāqir al-Majlisī (died 1111AH), regarded as one of the most important Safawī palace “schol- ars” also given the title “Shaykhul-Islām” by the “shāh.” On celebrating ‘Umar’s death, he said, “What is known among Shī’ah in the major cities and lands of our present time is that it [the assassination of ‘Umar] was on the 9th of Rabī’ al-Aw- wal, and it is a day of celebration” [Bihār al-Anwār]. He then mentioned a fabricated report as evidence that this was the day of ‘Umar’s death (which was actually on the 26th of Dhul- Hijjah) and that it is to be considered the greatest ‘īd for the supporters of Ahlul-Bayt! 
They used such alliances, as well as crafty politics with their neighbors, to further infiltrate lands in which Sunnis resided. Making agreements with the grave-worshipping Ottomans in 962AH, the Rāfidī Safawiyyah were given permission to enter the Arabian Peninsula – like Āl Salūl has permitted for them today – to perform Hajj in Makkah, even though Allah  said, {O you who believe! Indeed the mushrikīn are impure, so do not let them approach al-Masjid al-Harām after this year of theirs} [At-Tawbah: 28]. 
Though their influence spread throughout the lands they con- quered, and though their lasting effects are felt even today, the Safawī “shahs” lived and died in disgrace. Ismā’īl, after a crushing defeat damaged his alleged “divine” image, withdrew to his palace, where he spent his final days in a drunken daze and died in 930AH, just 38 years old. Tahmāsp Ibn Ismā’īl died of poisoning in 984AH. Ismā’īl Ibn Tahmāsp had his brothers killed and blinded in order to secure his place on the throne, but after only one year in power he was accused of not being Rāfidī enough, poisoned to death, and thus overthrown by his mostly-blind brother Muhammad Khudābandah. Serv- ing as “shāh” for 10 years, Khudābandah’s reign ended when he was imprisoned by his own son, ‘Abbās, who assumed his father’s position. Both a drunkard and a sodomite, he killed his heir Muhammad Bāqir, blinded two of his other sons, and then died in 1038AH. His alcoholic, opium-addicted grand- son, the notably weak Sām Ibn Muhammad Bāqir, succeed- 
ed him and died in 1052AH. His son ‘Abbās ruled until his death in 1077AH. Sulaymān Ibn ‘Abbās Ibn Sām took over and died of alcohol abuse in 1105AH. Husayn followed, only to be captured in his capital, dying while imprisoned during a fit of insanity. Tahmāsp Ibn Husayn led for a few years, un- til his son ‘Abbās deposed him with the help of the unrelated Nādir Khān, who then took power for himself. Thus ended the Safawī dynasty, but the Safawī-Rāfidī political ideology and persecution of Ahlus-Sunnah continued unsevered in Persia by the Ashfāriyyah of Nādir Khān, then the Zandiyyah, then the Qājāriyyah, then the Pahlaviyyah, and then today’s Kho- meini-inspired Iranian regime, whose supporting “scholars” take “guidance” from the likes of the Safawiyyah, considering them the standard bearers of “good” governance. The Irani- an Rāfidī “scholar” ‘Abbās al-Qummī (died 1359AH) wrote, “Safī ad-Dīn al-Ardabīlī: He is the Supreme Saint, the Proof of the Perfectly Pure … Descended from him are the Safawī sultans who spread the symbols of religion and promoted the supporters of Amīrul-Mu’minīn (i.e. ‘Alī Ibn Abī Tālib), peace be upon him” [Al-Kunā wal-Alqāb]. To the Rāfidī scholars of today, Ismā’īl was establishing Allah’s religion, fighting in His path. The Iraqi Rāfidī “scholar” Hasan as-Sadr (died 1354AH) called him, “The Raider in the path of Allah, Shāh Ismā’īl as-Safawī” [Takmilat Amal al-Āmil]. 
However, like their Rāfidī descendants of today, the Safaw- iyyah had nothing to do with Islam other than to deter the people from it. Their Rāfidī state left behind a rotten cultural legacy filled with spite, and that hatred was directed to none other than Ahlus-Sunnah. It is important to make the connec- tion that this wicked legacy – regarding Ahlus-Sunnah as their central adversary, not the Jews, crusaders, or apostates – is up- held by the Iranian, Iraqi, Lebanese and other Rāfidah of our time as their religion in addition to the worship of the dead and other forms of kufr and shirk. 
As the soldiers of the Khilāfah continue waging war on the forces of kufr, we take a glimpse at a number of recent operations conducted by the mujāhidīn of the Islamic State that have succeeded in expanding the territory of the Khilāfah, or terrorizing, massacring, and humiliating the enemies of Allah. These operations are merely a selection of the numerous operations that the Islamic State has conducted on various fronts across many regions over the course of the last two months. 
On a number of these fronts, whether in Shām or elsewhere, the Islamic State faces increased hostility and even full force aggression from factions that ascribe themselves to Ahlus-Sunnah, some of whom even raise “Islamic” banners. Due to the importance of declaring the truth concerning those who compromise on the fundamental aspects of the religion and use flimsy arguments to justify waging war alongside the apostates and their crusader masters against the Muslims, the Islamic State recently issued a clarification on its position concerning the factions that are waging war against it, stating: 
“We clarify to all that the Islamic State’s position is clear concerning the ruling on these factions, and it is that they are groups that have apostatized from the religion of Allah and have committed numerous deeds that have nullified the fundamentals of the religion. From amongst these deeds is that they fight a state that rules by the Sharī’ah of Allah while these factions are in one trench and one coalition with other factions that have resisted the implementation of the Shari’ah and declared their efforts to build a ‘democratic, civil, pluralistic’ state that removes the law of Allah from the lands of the Islamic State and replaces it with jāhilī laws. All this is done with support and direct air cover from the American-led crusader coalition that only strives to destroy the mission of the Khilāfah.” 
The above statement, along with the operations conducted by the soldiers of the Khilāfah against the factions of apostasy in all their colors, make it clear that the Islamic State does not differentiate between those murtaddīn who shamelessly ally with the disbelievers against the Muslims due to their openly secularist disposition, and those murtaddīn who do so using false pretexts while taking desperate and futile measures to try and maintain an “Islamic” image. May Allah expose His enemies and defeat them all at the hands of the Islamic State. 
Bengal – On the 7th of Safar, Islamic State security units carried out an operation in the vicinity of Dinajpur where the Italian crusader named Piero Parolari, who was working as a missionary in the area, was shot several times using a si- lenced pistol, leaving him critically wounded. This followed an operation conducted two weeks earlier on the 25th of Muharram that targeted one of the heads of kufr from the Bahā’ī sect in Dhaka known as Rūhul-Amīn who works as the director of the Bahā’ī center in the region of Rangpur. He was targeted with silenced pistols, leaving him critically wounded. Also in Rangpur, in the vicinity of Kūnyā, the murtadd Rahmat ‘Alī, a leading member of the ruling Awa- mi League, was returning home on the 27th of Muharram when he was successfully apprehended and killed. In addi- tion to targeting individuals, the soldiers of the Khilāfah in Bengal have also carried out attacks on the murtaddīn’s temples of shirk. On the 14th of Safar, they targeted a Rāfidī temple funded and overseen by the Iranian embassy. The attack took place in Bogra District and resulted in a num- ber of mushrikīn being killed and injured after being hit by automatic weapons fire. Just one month later, our istish- hādī brother, Abul-Fidā’ al-Banghālī, entered into a temple of the Qadiyānī murtaddīn in the area of Bagmara in Ra- jshahi District armed with an explosive belt. He detonated his explosive belt in their midst, injuring 30 of them. May Allah accept him among the shuhadā’. Two weeks later, the soldiers of the Khilāfah eliminated the murtadd known as Samir Uddin – who had become a Christian and was work- ing as a missionary – by stabbing him with a knife in the district of Jhenaidah. 
Wilāyat Hadramawt – On the 8th of Safar, the soldiers of the Khilāfah launched a major surprise assault on Yemeni barracks west of Hadramawt. The operation began with an assault on the Shubām, Sirr, and al-Qārrah barracks on the road between the regions of Say’ūn and al-Qutun after first cutting off their supply routes. The mujāhidīn succeeded in capturing the barracks and also targeted support divisions with explosive devices. They also destroyed four military ve- hicles killing all the soldiers inside, with the Yemeni army then dispatching another force to regain control of the sit- uation. The new force was then targeted by an istishhādī operation carried out by our brother Battār al-‘Adanī. He detonated his explosive vehicle in their midst, killing and wounding dozens of them. May Allah accept him among the shuhadā’. Meanwhile, the soldiers of the Khilāfah suc- ceeded in hitting a helicopter after targeting it with heavy machine guns, and the bulk of these operations led to at least 50 murtaddīn being killed. 
Wilāyat West Ifrīqiyyah – On the 15th of Safar, the istish- hādī Abū Sulaymān al-Ansārī set out with his explosive belt toward a gathering of Rāfidī mushrikīn in the city of Kano in northern Nigeria. When he reached his target, he deto- nated his belt in their midst, which led to the killing of no less than 30 Rāfidah and the wounding of more than 100. We ask Allah to accept our brother among the shuhadā’. 
Egypt – On the 16th of Safar, an Islamic State security unit targeted a checkpoint belonging to the murtadd Egyptian Interior Ministry in the area of al-Manwāt in Giza, which resulted in at least 5 officers being killed and a number of others being wounded. Just one month later, the soldiers of the Khilāfah struck again and succeeded in eliminating an officer in the murtadd Egyptian army along with his driver after targeting them with light weapons in the Autostrad area near the central security training camp in Cairo. The following day, they stealthily advanced towards a security checkpoint belonging to the murtadd Egyptian police in the region of al-Munīb in Giza. They planted a large explo- sive device and then detonated it, leading to the killing and wounding of all the murtaddīn present at the checkpoint. Just one week later, the mujāhidīn conducted an operation in response to Amīrul-Mu’minīn’s call to target the Jews ev- erywhere. They targeted a tour bus carrying Jewish tour- ists on al-Haram Street in Giza using light weapons and succeeded in killing and wounding several Jews and hotel security personnel before safely returning to their locations. Just two days later, they monitored the personal security convoy of the murtadd, Colonel ‘Alī Ahmad Fahmī, which was comprised of three vehicles. They were targeted with light weapons in the region of Abun-Numrus in Giza, lead- ing to the killing of the colonel and everyone in the convoy, with the brothers then returning safely to their locations. 
Wilāyat ‘Adan Abyan – On the 24th of Safar, in a metic- ulously planned security operation that succeeded by Al- lah’s grace, the murtadd Ja’far Muhammad Sa’d, governor of ‘ Adan, was killed along with 10 of his aides. This occurred when he was targeted by a car bomb that was parked in a place where his motorcade passed by in the area of Jūldmūr in the neighborhood of at-Tawāhī in the city of ‘Adan. 
Wilāyat Dimashq – On the 28th of Safar, after the sol- diers of the Khilāfah managed to take control over the two mountains overlooking the town of Mahīn and its mili- tary depots, they continued their advance from the west of al-Qaryatayn city toward the eastern side of Mahīn. They were able to take control of a number of new Nusayrī army points in the west and northwest of the town, taking as ghanīmah a launch base for firing antitank missiles, as well as 9 rockets, 2 heavy artillery guns, and a quantity of weap- 
ons and ammunition. Completing the battles surround- ing Mahīn, the soldiers of the Khilāfah continued toward the strategic town, taking complete control over it and the neighboring Hawwārīn village and al-‘Aqabah Hills. This followed intense fighting against the Nusayrī army and its militias, which continued for some hours and resulted in many of them being killed, while most others fled in retreat. A tank, a vehicle fitted with a heavy machinegun, a ZiL mil- itary vehicle, an ammunition depot, and a number of light weapons were taken as ghanīmah. The Nusayrī army and its militias had made several attempts to invade the city of al-Qaryatayn east of Mahīn using dozens of tanks, armored vehicles, and hundreds of troops under Russian air cover, but their attempts were in vain as they were unable to make any gains. In response, the soldiers of the Khilāfah began a counteroffensive, which led to them capturing Mahīn and its surrounding areas. 
diers of the Khilāfah, by Allah’s grace, succeeded in com- pletely capturing the neighborhood of as-Sinā’ah in the city of al-Khayr following a fierce attack preceded by three con- secutive istishhādī operations that struck the main Nusayrī military centers in the neighborhood. The first istishhādī at- tack was carried out by our brother Abū ‘Ubādah ash-Shāmī with a bulldozer carrying four tons of explosives targeting the ‘Aqīd checkpoint. He was followed by our brother Abū Jihād ad-Dar’āwī who targeted the Maslakh checkpoint with a bulldozer carrying three tons of explosives. The third istishhādī attack was carried out by our brother Abū Sayyāf al-Bāniyāsī with a truck carrying 6 tons of explosives, which he detonated on a large group of Nusayrī soldiers. The sol- diers of the Khilāfah then attacked Nusayrī positions in the neighborhood and succeeded in completely capturing it af- ter several hours of continuous clashes. During the course of the attack, more than 38 Nusayrī soldiers were killed and a T72 tank was destroyed, and the mujāhidīn captured a BMP, heavy machine guns, and large quantities of ammo as ghanīmah. With the Islamic State’s capture of the neigh- borhood of as-Sinā’ah, the noose is further tightened on the Nusayrī forces besieged in the Dayr az-Zawr military air- base and some of the other neighborhoods in the city. May Allah accept our istishhādī brothers among the shuhadā’. 
Wilāyat Halab: On the 16th of Rabī’ al-Awwal, the soldiers of the Khilāfah took control of the villages of Ghazal and Qurrah Kawbarī in the northern countryside following a counterattack on sahwah locations after they attempted to advance in parts of the village of Dūdiyān. After the attack began, the soldiers of the Khilāfah launched an attack of their own and succeeded in recapturing the points in Dūdi- yān. They then continued their advance and took control of the villages of Ghazal and Qurrah Kawbarī, both of which are located near Turkey. The following day, the soldiers of the Khilāfah succeeded in recapturing the villages of Qur- rah Mazra’ah and al-Khurbah, also located in the north- ern countryside. This occurred following battles with the sahwāt of apostasy in which a number of them were killed and wounded. The mujāhidīn also succeeded in capturing a number of vehicles as ghanīmah, in addition to weapons and ammo. 
Wilāyat ar-Raqqah: On the 18th of Rabī’ al-Awwal, during the course of a blessed assault that was part of the campaign dubbed “Their Assembly Will Be Defeated and They Will Turn Their Backs in Retreat,” the soldiers of the Khilāfah carried out a major assault in the northern countryside of the wilāyah. The assault began with an istishhādī operation targeting PKK murtaddīn in the southeastern part of ‘Ayn ‘Īsā. This was followed by detachments of inghimāsiyyīn at- tacking the same area as well as the 93rd Armored Brigade base adjacent to it from multiple directions. This coincid- ed with an attack by another group of inghimāsiyyīn on the headquarters of the Asāyish leadership inside the city of Tall Abyad. Fierce clashes broke out and a number of the inghimāsiyyīn detonated their explosive belts on the PKK fighters. The number of PKK and FSA murtaddīn killed in these blessed assaults was later reported to have reached approximately 200 in total. 
Wilāyat North Baghdad: On the 21st of Rabī’ al-Awwal, during the course of the campaign dubbed “The Battle of Abū ‘Abdillāh Sa’d al-Ansārī (may Allah accept him),” the soldiers of the Khilāfah captured large areas of the Sāmarrā’ Dam following two days of battles with the Safawī army and the Rāfidī Mobilization. The captured areas include the Saytāk Center, the al-Aljīkū complex, the fuel stations, and Control 13, in addition to a large number of barracks and locations to the north of the dam. 
Wilāyat Barqah: On the 23rd of Rabī’ al-Awwal, during the course of the campaign dubbed “The Battle of Abul- Mughīrah al-Qahtānī (may Allah accept him),” the soldiers of the Khilāfah in Libya succeeded, by Allah’s grace, in tak- ing complete control of the coastal city of Bin Jawād lo- cated east of the city of Sirte. After liberating the city, they launched a major assault on the region of as-Sidrah and its seaport, during which our brother Abū Mu’ādh al-Qar’ānī carried out an istishhādī operation with an explosive vehi- cle, killing and wounding dozens of murtaddīn.   
Wilāyat al-Anbār: On the 20th of Rabī’ al-Awwal, the soldiers of the Khilāfah inflicted heavy losses on the Safa- wī army and its Rāfidī militias as they conducted a major assault on all of their key areas in the city of ar-Ramādī. They succeeded in cleansing the area of the al-Bū Rīshah bridge in the northeastern part of ar-Ramādī after fierce clashes that took place in the region, during the course of which they destroyed one of the murtaddīn’s Abrams tanks, which was on the bridge, after targeting it with a guided missile. Meanwhile, in the region of al-Bū ‘Īthah in the northeastern part of ar-Ramādī, the soldiers of the Khilāfah attacked the artillery battalion following two is- tishhādī operations targeting the murtaddīn. They burned five 155mm artillery cannons that were present inside the battalion base. After taking control of the base, they con- tinued their advance and captured more than 10 barracks belonging to the Safawī army and its Rāfidī militias, and succeeded in cutting off their supply route to the northern areas of ar-Ramādī from the direction of al-Bū ‘Īthah. They also succeeded in capturing 5 Safawī barracks in the area of al-Mudīq in the eastern part of ar-Ramādī after killing those inside and taking several weapons as ghanīmah. The mujāhidīn also destroyed an entire convoy and killed doz- ens of Safawī soldiers and officers in an ambush in which various types of medium and heavy weapons were used. This occurred near the area of al-Humayrah in the south- ern part of ar-Ramādī. During the course of the operations taking place in the same area, the mujāhidīn also succeed- ed in destroying an Abrams tank and three Hummers. To the south of the city of ar-Ramādī, meanwhile, they attacked 6 Safawī army and Rāfidī militia barracks near the al-Bū ‘Abdir-Razzāq tunnel. A number of those inside were killed, with the rest fleeing. The mujāhidīn likewise conducted a blessed operation in which they attacked and cleansed 11 Safawī barracks in the region of al-Bū Tarrāh north of ar-Ramādī, killing all the murtaddīn inside the barracks. This coincided with an attack on another one of their bases, with the operation leading to the burning 
fah launched a major assault on Safawī army and sahwah fortifications in the city of Hadīthah and its vicinity. They carried out an attack on the region of as-Sakrān north of Hadīthah from three points, during the course of which two istishhādī operations were conducted, targeting the Sa- fawī barracks surrounding the region. The two istishhādī brothers succeeded, by Allah’s grace, in reaching their targets and detonating their vehicles on them, leading to a number of the barracks being destroyed and a large number of the murtaddīn inside being killed. The soldiers of the Khilāfah then advanced and attacked the region, and succeeded, by Allah’s grace, in completely cleansing it. 
Wilāyat Halab: On the 25th of Rabī’ al-Awwal, the soldiers of the Khilāfah, by Allah’s grace, carried out an assault on PKK locations in the villages surrounding the Fārūq Dam. The murtaddīn’s positions were bombarded with heavy ar- tillery, mortar rounds, and heavy machine guns in order to pave the way for the subsequent assault. The operation led to more than 10 murtaddīn being killed and approximately 30 others being wounded, with the mujāhidīn returning safely back to base. 
Wilāyat Tarābulus: On the 26th of Rabī’ al-Awwal, our brother ‘Abdullāh al-Muhājir carried out an istishhādī op- eration with an explosive truck which he detonated in the middle of a training camp belonging to the Libyan forces of apostasy in the city of Zlītan east of Tarābulus. He suc- ceeded in killing approximately 80 murtaddīn and wound- ing 150 others. This came as one of a series of operations in the campaign dubbed “The Battle of Abul-Mughīrah al-Qahtānī (may Allah accept him).” May Allah accept our brother among the shuhadā’. 
Wilāyat ‘Adan Abyan: On the 29th of Rabī’ al-Awwal, one of the soldiers of the Khilāfah, by Allah’s grace, succeeded in eliminating ‘Alī Sālih al-Yāfi’ī, an officer ranked colonel in the murtadd Yemeni intelligence who played a major role in conducting raids on the homes of the Muslims in the neighborhood of Khawr Maskar. He was eliminated in the neighborhood of al-Mansūrah in the region of ‘Adan. 
Indonesia: On the 3rd of Rabī’ al-Ākhir, an Islamic State security unit in Indonesia targeted a group of disbelievers – in the city of Jakarta – who are citizens of nations tak- ing part in the crusader coalition waging war against the Islamic State. They targeted them by planting a number of timed explosive devices, whose explosion coincided with an attack by four soldiers of the Khilāfah (may Allah accept them) armed with light weapons and explosive belts. The operation led to the killing of nearly 15 from among the crusaders and the murtaddīn tasked with guarding them, in addition to the wounding of a number of others. 
Wilāyat Khurāsān: On the 2nd of Rabī’ al-Ākhir, three in- ghimāsī soldiers of the Khilāfah attacked the Pakistani con- sulate in the city of Jalalabad. One of the brothers (may Allah accept him) detonated his explosive belt on the con- sulate guards, destroying one of their vehicles, killing all the guards at the security building, and paving the way for the other two inghimāsī soldiers to enter the consulate build- ing where one of them then detonated his explosive belt, with the other returning safely back to the mujāhidīn’s lo- cations. Clashes lasted for nearly 4 hours, during which the inghimāsiyyīn destroyed the consulate building and killed dozens of personnel as well as a number of Pakistani intelli- gence officers, walhamdulillāh. 
Abū Muhārib al-Muhājir, the mujāhid who made headlines around the world as “Jihadi John,” was originally from the northeast of the Arabian Peninsula, while his mother originated from Yemen. At a young age, the honorable brother traveled with his family to Lon- don. This would become a place he grew to hate along with its kāfir people, whose customs were far-removed from the praiseworthy values he was much accustomed to. It was through the mercy and blessings of Allah that Abū Muhārib attained the gift of a sound ‘aqīdah and correct manhaj despite residing in one of the centers of kufr and despite the increased presence of deviants calling to the gates of Jahannam. 
Around the time of the blessed raids that rocked London and its transport system in “2005,” and while the jihād in Iraq was at its peak, with the announcement of the Islamic State of Iraq being made the following year, Abū Muhārib began to embark upon the path of hijrah and jihād. He would busy his days with jihād-related work together with his brothers in creed, including Bilāl al-Bar- jāwī and Muhammad Saqr (may Allah accept them), both of whom would later be killed in separate drone strikes in Somalia early in 1433AH.1 None of this went unnoticed by MI5 (British intelli- gence), which started vigorously targeting Abū Muhārib and those with him. Thus began the campaign of bugging devices, routine surveillance, house raids, arrests, and no-fly lists, which also came to include the prevention of any form of overseas travel. 
Despite the efforts of MI5, Abū Muhārib never ceased in his strug- gle to make hijrah for the sake of Allah. On his last attempt to leave the UK for his homeland of Kuwait, Abū Muhārib was stopped at the airport and kept for questioning by MI5, the result of which was their refusal to allow him to travel. During the interrogation, Abū Muhārib would present himself as unintelligent, as was his method when dealing with intelligence agencies. The Prophet  said, “War is deception” [Reported by al-Bukhārī and Muslim]. 
One particular agent said to him, “You’re not going anywhere. We are going to be on you like a shadow.” The joke would eventually be on him, for it was just a matter of days before Allah opened for Abū Muhārib the opportunity to make hijrah to Shām. Right under the 1 Editor’s Note: That was before Harakat ash-Shabāb joined the war against the Khilāfah under the leadership of Akhtar Mansour, the infamous agent of the murtadd Pakistani intelligence. 
nose of the much-overrated MI5 British intelligence agen- cy, Abū Muhārib together with his companion in hijrah carefully and secretly made their departure, utilizing every means available to them. Depending upon Allah alone for success, Abū Muhārib with his companion embarked on a long and strenuous journey that totaled approximately two months and involved trekking the mountain ranges of Europe and its marshy farmlands, sneaking across borders, and being detained by the authorities of various nations on at least two occasions. The journey required a great amount of patience and a high degree of security precautions, two things for which Abū Muhārib was well known.2 
Through their persistence and perseverance, Allah grant- ed them safe deliverance into Shām in the latter part of “2012.” Upon arrival, Abū Muhārib wasted no time and immediately placed his hand with the Jamā’ah, joining the Islamic State while it was operating under the name “Jabhat an-Nusrah,” prior to al-Jawlānī’s treachery. He was not de- ceived by the presence of hundreds of groups, or their nu- merous flags bearing their hypocritical logos and names. It would be through this very manner of foresight and deci- siveness that Allah would grant Abū Muhārib steadfastness throughout the many trials which the Islamic State would encounter, including al-Jawlānī’s betrayal and nullification of his bay’ah to Amīrul-Mu’minīn Abu Bakr al-Baghdādī (hafidhahullāh). Abū Muhārib was among the very first to declare his disavowal of al-Jawlānī and would say regarding him, “He’s just going to be another Shaykh Sharīf,” refer- ring to former head of the Islamic Courts Union of Somalia – Sharif Sheikh Ahmed – who committed blatant apostasy by entering into the parliaments of shirk and supporting the United States and African crusader nations in the war against Islam and the Muslims. 
It was Abū Muhārib’s sincerity, ambition, and enthusiasm to work and tire himself for Allah’s sake that granted him prominence, as he grew to be loved and respected by many. He participated in the conquest of the Taftanāz airbase near Idlib and the 17th Division base near ar-Raqqah. He also partook in the operation in Salqīn near Idlib – where Abū Mu’āwiyah al-Misrī3 was martyred – as well as in many oth- er battlefronts. He also participated in the fighting against the sahwāt of Shām and was injured within the first week of the Sahwah, sustaining a gunshot wound to his back during the battle to retake Huraytān. 
A side of Abū Muhārib that wasn’t witnessed except by those who knew him was his mercy, kindness, and gener- osity towards the believers, his protective jealousy for Islam and its people, and his affection towards the orphans. Of the deeds that attest to his kindness and generosity is that after receiving a sabiyyah (concubine) as a gift he did not hesitate to give her away – likewise as a gift – to an unmar- ried injured brother. And from the incidents that attest to his protective jealousy for Islam and its people is that after engaging in a debate with a Madkhalī (a pro-Saudi “Salafī”) in one of the “masājid” in the lands of kufr, the Madkhalī remarked regarding the abuses of the spiteful Jews against our sisters in Palestine that the women “deserved it.” Abū Muhārib had to be restrained from hitting this Madkhalī by other worshippers at the “masjid.” A brother who witnessed the incident recalled, “Abū Muhārib began to weep loudly. I watched him in his prayer weeping in sujūd as if he had lost a loved one.” 
And amongst the deeds that attest to his affection towards the orphans is that following the martyrdom of Bilāl al-Bar- jāwī, Abū Muhārib would frequently visit his orphaned son, taking him to the masājid and entertaining him with trips out to the park and the zoo. He would also teach Qur’ān to other sons of shuhadā’. {Muhammad is the Messenger of Allah; and those with him are forceful against the kuffār, merciful among themselves. You see them bowing and prostrating, seeking bounty from Allah and [His] pleasure. Their mark is on their faces from the trace of prostration. That is their description in the Tawrāh. And their descrip- tion in the Injīl is as a plant which produces its offshoots and strengthens them so they grow firm and stand upon their stalks, delighting the sowers – so that Allah may en- rage by them the kuffār. Allah has promised those who be- lieve and do righteous deeds among them forgiveness and a great reward} [Al-Fath: 29]. 
On Thursday, the 29th of Muharram, 1437, Abū Muhārib finally achieved shahādah for the cause of Allah, which he had sought for so long, as the car he was in was targeted in a strike by an unmanned drone in the city of ar-Raqqah, de- stroying the car and killing him instantly. May Allah accept our brother among the shuhadā’, envelop him with His mercy, and enter him into the highest levels of al-Firdaws. 
In the name of Allah, the Gracious the Merciful. May bless- ings and peace be upon our Prophet Muhammad and upon his family, his companions, and his followers. To proceed: This is some advice for the noble widows of the blessed shu- hadā’ in the mighty lands of the Khilāfah pertaining to the rulings of ‘iddah, especially those of ihdād (mourning their husbands). Some common mistakes are also briefly men- tioned. May Allah bless the patient sisters through their grief. And all success is from Allah alone. 
Ihdād – according to the Sharī’ah – is for the widow to stop adorning herself with jewelry, perfume, decorative clothing, and anything else meant to beautify oneself. This is an ob- ligation during the ‘iddah for all women whose husbands have passed away. The Messenger of Allah  said, “The woman is not to mourn more than three days, except for her husband, for whom she shall mourn for four months and ten days. She should not wear any colorful clothing except for cloth used to block menstrual blood. Nor should she wear kohl or use any perfume, except at the end of her menses when she bathes therefrom, with only a dab of qust or adhfār” [Reported by al-Bukhārī and Muslim from Umm ‘Atiyyah]. 
her father Abū Sufyān h died. She called for some yellow- ish perfume – khalūq (a saffron mixture) or otherwise – and anointed a young girl with it. She then touched the sides of her own face with it and said, “By Allah, I have no need for perfume, except that I heard the Messenger of Allah  say, ‘It is not allowed for a woman who believes in Allah and the Last Day to mourn for the deceased more than three nights, except for a husband for four months and ten days’” [Reported by al-Bukhārī and Muslim]. 
As for the woman who is pregnant when her husband dies, then her ‘iddah is until she gives birth, whether the baby is born alive or dead, whether it completes its term or arrives premature, whether it is a whole baby or a deficient fetus. Allah  said, {And for those who are pregnant, their term is until they give birth} [At-Talāq: 4]. Ibn ‘Abbās  said commenting on the verse {And those who are taken in death among you and leave wives behind – they, [the wives, shall] wait four months and ten days} [Al-Baqarah: 234], “This is the ‘iddah of one whose husband passed away, except if she is pregnant. Then her ‘iddah is until she gives birth” [Tafsīr Ibn Abī Hātim]. There is no khilāf on this, as Ibnul-Qayyim r stated, “As for the pregnant woman, then there is agreement amongst the scholars that when her pregnancy ends the obligation of ihdād also ends for her and she can then get married and beautify, perfume, and adorn herself as she likes for her husband” [Zād al-Ma’ād]. 
As for the use of dyes in clothing, then those “that are not intended for adornment – like the color black or what is dyed to make something look less appealing or to cover up blemishes – are not prohibited” [Zād al-Ma’ād – Ib- nul-Qayyim]. Ibnul-Mundhir r (died 319AH) also said that both Mālik and ash-Shāfi’ī considered it permissible for the mourning widow to wear black “because it is not an adornment and it is the clothing of grief” [Naylul-Awtār – Ash-Shawkānī]. And Allah knows best. 
Additionally, the mourning widow must complete her ‘iddah in the house in which she lived when her husband died, whether it is his property or a rental. The sister of Abū Sa’īd al-Khudrī  went to the Messenger of Allah  to ask him for permission to return to her family from Banī Khudrah, explaining that her husband went out searching for some runaway slaves, but was killed by them when he found them. She said, “I asked Allah’s Messenger  that I return to my family, as my husband left me no home and no spending money.” The Messenger of Allah  approved, but when she left, he called for her and said, “What did you ask?” She repeated the story about her husband to him. He said, “Stay in your house in which you received the news of your husband’s death until the appointed time is reached.” She said, “So I counted my ‘iddah therein for four months and ten days.” She continued, “Then when ‘Uthmān asked me about that [during his khilāfah], I informed him of the matter. So he adhered to it and ruled accordingly” [Report- ed in the four Sunan and declared sahīh by at-Tirmidhī, Ibn Hibbān, and al-Hākim]. 
As such, it is harām for the mourning widow to move from her home to another except with a lawful excuse, as was explained by Ibn Qudāmah, who said, “If she fears demo- lition of the house, drowning therein, an approaching en- emy, or something along these lines, or the owner of the house wishes to move her elsewhere, such as him lending the house then changing his mind, or its lease has ended, or he wrongfully expels her from the house or refuses to renew the lease, or he demands more than its going price, or she cannot afford it except from her own wealth, then she is allowed to move, as such situations are excusable and she is not required to pay for housing [from her own wealth], but her only obligation is that of residing there, not in obtain- ing the place itself. If she is unable to reside there [for rea- sons mentioned earlier], the obligation falls” [Al-Mughnī]. 
And while the mourning widow spends her ‘iddah residing at her husband’s home, if she has any needs to attend to, then she can do so during the day, as night is a time that causes suspicions to arise. But, if she can find someone to run errands and take care of other needs for her, then the best place for her is her home. When she does go out for a need, she has to be back by maghrib (sunset). Lastly, she can’t sleep anywhere except at her home. 
Likewise, some women from Hamdān who were informed of their husbands passing away told Ibn Mas’ūd h, “We are feeling very lonely.” So he said to them, “Gather with one another during the day, then each woman should return to her home at night” [Musannaf ‘Abdir-Razzāq]. Of course, such gatherings should not become the norm, in adherence to the āyah, {And abide in your houses} [Al-Ahzāb: 33]. These gatherings should also be free of gossip, backbiting, and other sins. And the mourning widow must observe the rulings of ihdād therein. These occasional gatherings ought to serve a purpose such as worship, learning the religion, or keeping family ties. 
cept occasionally and only for good reasons. Allah  said to the Muslimāt as a whole, {And abide in your houses and do not display yourselves as in the former times of jāhili- yyah} [Al-Ahzāb: 33]. Ibn Kathīr said, “His saying, {And abide in your houses}, i.e. remain in your homes and do not leave except for a reason.” This āyah is regarding Muslimāt in general. How much more so does the āyah apply to the mourning widow? 
And the various scholars of the madhāhib have addressed this topic. Ibn ‘Abdil-Barr al-Mālikī, for example, said, “It is upon the woman in ‘iddah whether due to the death of her husband or divorce to sleep at her home … It is okay if she leaves her home during the day for her errands … She should try to return home before the sun sets. It is not permissible for her to sleep except at her home. If she leaves during a night of her ‘iddah and sleeps elsewhere, she is sinful by her deed” [Al-Kāfī]. 
Another matter that many sisters face after their husbands pass away is marriage proposals during ‘iddah. It is unques- tionably harām for a man to directly propose to a woman during her ‘iddah, as Allah  said, {There is no sin upon you in that which you insinuate or hide in your hearts con- cerning your wish to propose to [widowed] women. Allah knows that you will think of them. However do not meet them privately, but only utter a proper word. And do not directly propose until the prescribed term has expired. Know that Allah knows what is in your hearts, so beware of Him; and know that Allah is Forgiving and Forbearing} [Al-Baqarah: 235]. 
The forbidden, direct proposal – as explained in the āthār of the Salaf – is that, for example, a man says to a widow during her ‘iddah, “Let’s get married.” As for the permis- sible insinuation, it is that he alludes to his wish to marry her by, for example, having a sister mention him in front of the mourning widow, saying, “So-and-so is looking to marry a good woman like yourself. May Allah grant him a good wife.” 
most is the error of leaving the house during night or for no good reason at all, which was touched upon above. Even if the woman is pregnant in her first month, she should surrender to the command of her Lord and have patience for the duration of her ‘iddah, no matter how long it may be, and she has to try to be content with her test and know that the reward is granted according to the trial’s difficulty. 
Second is the error of attending weddings and wedding par- ties. Some mourning widows claim, “I went to the wedding without wearing any adornment.” The problem is that, oth- er than the principle being that she should try to stay in her house throughout the ‘iddah, she also has to maintain the persona of grief for her deceased husband. So how can a mourning widow go to a party in which joy and happiness are manifested to the utmost, even if she herself does not wear any adornment?! 
Fourth is that some women are excessive in their adherence to ihdād, living their whole lives in mourning! One can only say to them that the best of creation  died and the Mothers of the Believers did not observe such a life of sor- row. Likewise, his companions passed away and it was never reported that any of their wives exaggerated the mourning for their husbands as is done today by some women who might even spend the rest of their lives at their homes with- out wearing any kind of adornment or using any type of perfume! This even exceeds what the women of Jāhiliyyah did, as they would only go for just a single year without adornment! 
And the final point is for the brothers – in Islam – of the mourning widows. Allah  said, {O you who believe! Avoid too much suspicion [of others]. Indeed, some suspicion is sinful. And do not spy or backbite one another. Would one of you like to eat the flesh of his dead brother? You detest that! And fear Allah. Verily, Allah is Forgiving and Merciful} [Al-Hujurāt: 12]. Thus, the brother should not jump to bad conclusions if he sees a mourning widow outside her home during the day, and thereafter backbite her or allow other women to gossip about her. Rather, he should assume the best and give her the benefit of the doubt. And Allah knows best. 
he has to fight alone, because He has guaranteed for him support.’ Ibn ‘Atiyyah said, ‘This is the apparent mean- ing of the wording, but nothing has been narrated about fighting being obligatory upon him alone at any point in time without it also being obligatory on the Ummah. So the meaning – and Allah knows best – is that the wording addresses him, while it is a lesson for everyone individ- ually; that is, the statement to you, O Muhammad, and 
every individual from your Ummah is, {So fight in the cause of Allah; you are not held responsible except for yourself}.’ And for this reason, it is incumbent on every believer to wage jihād, even if he has to do so alone. And in that regard is the statement of the Prophet , ‘By Al- lah, I will surely fight them even if I’m alone’ [Reported by al-Bukhārī from al-Miswar and Marwān], and also the statement of Abū Bakr when the apostasy occurred, ‘And if my right hand were to oppose me, I would wage jihād against it with my left hand.’’” 
This statement of al-Qurtubī, along with those of other mufassirīn, highlights the magnitude of what the believers have been burdened with. The matter of believing in Al- lah and then striving to raise high His kalimah – lā ilāha illallāh – is so significant that if one had no choice but to march forth and fight by himself to achieve this, he would have to do so. As such, Allah  reminds His Messenger  and the believers that each individual is only responsible for himself. He should not look around and base his deci- sion to make hijrah and wage jihād for the cause of Allah on what other people are doing. Nor should he hesitate to strike the enemies of Allah  if it’s within his means to do so, even if he were alone. 
On the statement of Allah, {You are not held responsible except for yourself}, Ibn Kathīr mentions a report from Ibn Abī Hātim that al-Barā’ Ibn ‘Āzib h was asked if a man who encountered a hundred of the enemy and fought them was considered to be from those about whom Allah said, {And do not throw yourselves with your own hands into destruction} [Al-Baqarah: 195]. He replied, “Allah  said to His Prophet, {So fight in the cause of Allah; you are not held responsible except for yourself. And encourage the believers [to fight]}.” 
Thus, the believer should be prepared to fight alone when necessary and to incite others to join him in jihād. He should not be discouraged by a lack of numbers and should understand that the rewards of a good deed are multiplied when one faces greater difficulty in carrying them out, as is the case when one finds no one to support him in fighting the kuffār, yet courageously marches for- ward and terrorizes the enemies of Allah nonetheless. 
In his tafsīr of the aforementioned āyah, al-Qurtubī then explains the statement of Allah {That perhaps Allah will restrain the might of those who disbelieve}, saying, “Allah restrained the might of the mushrikīn at Badr as-Sughrā (the Minor Badr) and they went back on what they promised the Prophet  of war and fighting1 … Allah 1 The Minor Badr refers to an appointment for battle between the Prophet  and the mushrikīn of Quraysh two years after the decisive battle of Badr. The Prophet  and his companions camped at Badr for eight days waiting for the enemy to arrive. The mushrikīn halted their march towards Badr when they reached the area of Marr adh-Dhahrān, 
also sufficed the believers at al-Hudaybiyah of what the mushrikīn sought to carry out of treachery and opportun- ism. Thus, the believers sensed their plot and headed out, capturing them as prisoners, and this occurred as the en- voys were going between them to negotiate a truce.2 This is what is intended by His  statement, {And it is He who withheld their hands from you} [Al-Fath: 24] … And Allah cast terror into the hearts of the factions [during al-Khandaq] and they departed without any killing or fighting, as He  said, {And Allah spared the believers from having to fight}. Likewise, the Jews left their homes and their wealth [near al-Madīnah] without the Muslims battling them. So all this is might that Allah restrained from afflicting the believers, in addition to a large num- ber of Jews and Christians leaving off war and entering into the jizyah agreement in humiliation and submissively. Thus, Allah restrained their might from the believers.” 
and decided to forego the battle and return to Makkah due to their fear. 2 This refers to an incident that took place when the Prophet  was encamped outside Makkah as the treaty of Hudaybiyah was being negotiated with Quraysh. The more zealous youth of Quraysh saw that their leaders wanted a treaty with the Prophet , so they sought to devise a plan that would ruin the negotiations. They decided to head out at night and stealthily move towards the Muslim encampment where they would take action and attempt to ignite a war. Around seventy or eighty of them went out and descended from Mount at-Tan’īm, attempting to sneak towards the Muslim camp, but were all captured by Muhammad Ibn Maslamah, the commander of the Muslim guard. The Prophet  later freed them all to ensure the successful negotiation of the treaty. In this regard, Allah  revealed the āyah, {And it is He who withheld their hands from you and your hands from them within the area of Makkah after He caused you to overcome them} [Al-Fath: 24]. 
believers: No matter how powerful the kuffār may seem, Allah is capable of restraining their might and keeping it from afflicting the believers, and He can do so in sever- al ways; by sowing discord within their ranks, or bring- ing about conditions that make it impossible for them to wage an all-out war against the believers,3 or by interven- ing when they attack with all their might and destroying them in a manner that could not have been imagined, for {None knows the armies of your Lord except Him} [Al-Muddaththir: 31]. 
Likewise, no matter how weak the Ummah may appear, Allah is capable of granting victory to His pious slaves, for He  has control over all affairs. The weakness of the Muslims militarily in comparison with their enemies can, therefore, never be an excuse not to wage jihād, because {Allah is predominant over His affair} [Yūsuf: 21] and as such will support His slaves and grant them victory even over an enemy that is exponentially more powerful than they are. The odds mean nothing, for {Indeed, the plot of Shaytān has ever been weak} [An-Nisā’: 76], and {How many a small company has overcome a large company by permission of Allah} [Al-Baqarah: 249]. So how much more guarantee do the believers need from Allah in order to understand that victory has been decreed for them and all they need to do is to march forth and seek it! This was 
a lesson that Banī Isrā’īl failed to grasp, for when Mūsā  ordered them to march forth and claim the land that Allah had decreed for them, they used the enemy’s over- whelming strength as an excuse to refrain from jihād for the cause of Allah. {“O my people, enter the Holy Land which Allah has assigned to you and do not turn back and [thus] become losers.” They said, “O Mūsā, indeed within it is a people of tyrannical strength, and indeed, we will never enter it until they leave it; but if they leave it, then we will enter”} [Al-Mā’idah: 21-22]. Their failure to place their trust in their Lord and wage jihād for His cause then led to their punishment, such that they were forbidden from entering the Holy Land and made to wander about for forty years. {Allah said, “Then indeed, it is forbidden to them for forty years in which they will wander through- out the land. So do not grieve over the defiantly disobedi- ent people”} [Al-Mā’idah: 26]. 
The Jew Ibn Saba’, like Paul, hated Islam and desired to de- viate the Muslims and corrupt their religion by innovating deviant concepts including the godhood, lordship, and sec- ond coming of ‘Alī Ibn Abī Tālib h. At the same time, he strived to create strife amongst the Muslim ranks, inciting against the Righteous Khalīfah ‘Uthmān h until ‘Uthmān was killed. The killing of ‘Uthmān led to the deaths of more Muslims and the eventual emergence of the Khawārij, who assassinated ‘Alī h, who Ibn Saba’ had once claimed was Allah! 
About him, Ibn Taymiyyah r said, “The first to innovate Rafd was a heretical hypocrite named ‘Abdullāh Ibn Saba’. He wanted thereby to corrupt the religion of the Muslims like Paul – the author of the letters read by the Christians – innovated for the Christians heresies by which he corrupt- ed their religion. Paul was a Jew who hypocritically faked Christianity with the intent to corrupt it. Ibn Saba’ was also a Jew intending the same. He strived to spread falsehood aiming to corrupt the religion, but was unable to do so. However, some discord and strife occurred amongst the Muslims, strife in which ‘Uthmān h was killed. Thereafter the fitnah transpired” [Majmū’ al-Fatāwā]. 
At-Tabarī r said in his tārīkh, “Ibn Saba’ adopted Islam during the khilāfah of ‘Uthmān. He then toured the Mus- lims’ lands, trying to deviate them. He started with al-Hijāz, then al-Basrah, then al-Kūfah, then ash-Shām. He did not succeed in launching his plot amongst the people of Shām. They eventually expelled him. He then went to Egypt and called its people. Amongst what he said to them was, ‘How strange are a people who claim that ‘Īsā will return but deny that Muhammad will return, whereas Allah  said, {In- deed, He who imposed upon you the Qur’ān will bring you back to a returning place} [Al-Qasas: 85].2 Therefore, 2 The scholars of tafsīr say that the verse was a promise to the Prophet  that he would once again return to Makkah after being forced out from it. 
The Tābi’ī ash-Sha’bī r (died 104AH) said, “I warn you against the followers of deviant desires. And the worst of them are the Rāfidah, as they are the Jews of this Ummah. Some of them are Jews who fake Islam to spread their de- viance, just as Paul of the Jews faked Christianity to spread his deviance, hoping the Jews would become victorious. The Rāfidah hate Islam just as the Jews hate Christiani- ty. They did not enter Islam longing for Allah or fearing Him, rather out of spite for the people of Islam and so as to inflict harm upon them. Their prayers do no exceed their ears. Indeed, ‘Alī h burned them alive and banished them to other lands. Amongst them was ‘Abdullāh Ibn Saba’, a Jew from the Jews of Sanaa, who was banished to Sābāt.” 
He r also said, “Indeed, the calamity of the Rāfidah is the same as the calamity of the Jews. The Jews say that only a person from the lineage of Dāwūd is suited for kingship. The Rāfidah say that only a person from the lineage of ‘Alī is suited for imāmah. The Jews say that there is no jihād until the Messiah comes forth and a sword descends from the heavens. The Rāfidah say there is no jihād until the Mahdī comes forth and a caller calls out from the heavens saying, ‘Follow him.’ The Jews distorted the Tawrāh. The Rāfidah did the same, distorting the Qur’ān. The Jews are not truth- ful when they say salām to the believers, rather they say, ‘May sām be upon you.’ And sām means death. The Rāfi- dah are the same. The Jews consider the wealth of all people to be halāl, as Allah described them in the Qur’ān as say- ing, {“There is no blame upon us concerning the illiterate [meaning the Arabs]”} [Āl ‘Imrān: 75]. The Rāfidah are the same, as they consider the wealth of all Muslims to be halāl. The Jews consider the blood of all Muslims to be halāl. The Rāfidah are the same. The Jews consider the cheating of people to be halāl. The Rāfidah are the same. The Jews hate Jibrīl and say he is their enemy from amongst the angels. The Rāfidah are the same, as some of them claim that Jibrīl mistakenly descended with revelation upon Muhammad  and abandoned ‘Alī h.”1 
This is a reality of which there is no doubt. The Jews and the Rāfidah are two sides of the same coin. The religion of Rafd (“Shiism”) was nothing but a plot by a Jew – Ibn Saba’ – following the footsteps of his Jewish predecessor Paul, who had corrupted the pure religion of the Messiah , leaving the Christians upon the Pauline deviance and heresies of the cross, original sin, incarnation, atonement, the lordship, divine sonhood, and godhead of the Messiah, and antino- mianism (abandonment of the Law of Mūsā ). 
Muhammad is more worthy of returning than ‘Īsā.’ Some people accepted his call and he thereby innovated for them the concept of the second coming. They started talking about it. He then said to them, ‘There were a thousand prophets and every prophet had an heir. ‘Alī was the heir of Muhammad.’ He then began to say, ‘Muhammad was the final prophet and ‘Alī was the final heir.’ He then began to say, ‘Who can be more tyrannical than a person who does not execute the bequest of Rasūlullāh , and thereafter pounced upon the heir of Rasūlullāh , taking authority of the Ummah!’ He then said, ‘‘Uthmān took the matter without right. ‘Alī is the heir of Rasūlullāh . So rise for this matter and provoke it. Begin by defaming your leaders. Manifest yourselves in commanding good and forbidding evil, so that you win over the people and then call them to this matter.’ He then sent out his callers and wrote to those who had been corrupted in the lands and who had written to him beforehand. They would secretly call to the belief they held. They displayed themselves in commanding good and forbidding evil, sending out letters to the various regions, letters defaming the leaders.” 
Ibn Saba’ died around 40AH, after spreading the seeds of Rafd and fitnah for generations to come. He is the founder of Rafd and considered the instigator of the Khawārij. For this reason, the scholars who wrote about the various devi- ant sects mention him in their discussions on the Khawārij in addition to those on the Rāfidah. The Khawārij did not emerge except as a result of Ibn Saba’s plot against ‘Uthmān h. Ibn Saba’s followers would later agree with the Khawārij on a fundamental tenet of their heresy, that is, like the Khawārij, they would pronounce takfīr upon most of the Sahābah, all the common Muslims, and all the khulafā’. 
As for the name “Rāfidah,” then it comes from the word “rafada” meaning to reject. They were named so when they came to Zayd Ibn ‘Alī Ibn al-Husayn Ibn ‘Alī Ibn Abī Tālib s (died 122AH) and asked him to declare barā’ah from Abū Bakr and ‘Umar  in exchange for their support. He refused to do so and instead said, “May Allah have mercy upon them both.” So they told him, “We then reject you.” Henceforth, they were called “the rejecters.” The schol- ars also called them so because the Rāfidah rejected the imāmah of Abū Bakr, ‘Umar, and ‘Uthmān, because they rejected the Sahābah, because they rejected the Sunnah, and because they essentially rejected the Qur’ān and the religion of Islam. 
As for the names “Ithnā’ashriyyah,” meaning “twelver,” and “Imāmiyyah,” from the root “imām,” then it is due to their belief in a line of twelve imāms whom they claimed were “ma’sūm” (infallible). These twelve are ‘Alī Ibn Abī Tālib and his two sons al-Hasan and al-Husayn, the three of whom were Sahābah ; then al-Husayn’s son ‘Alī as-Sajjād, his son Muhammad al-Bāqir, and then his son Ja’far as-Sādiq, the three of whom were all notable scholars famous for their 
As for their twelfth “imām,” then he is Muhammad the al- leged son of al-Hasan al-‘Askarī. He is referred to as “al-Mah- dī” by the Rāfidah. They claim he was born in 255AH in Samarra of Iraq and that news of his birth was hidden from the public out of fear he would be killed by the khulafā’. They claim that when he was five years old and his father passed away, he became the “imām” of his era and went into hiding after entering a cellar beneath his father’s home. This period the Rāfidah refer to as “Al-Ghaybah as-Sughrā” (the Minor Occultation). During this period, no one had con- tact with their so-called “imām” except for four “deputies” or “emissaries,” who were his only link to the outside world. This “Minor Occultation” lasted about 70 years, until the last so-called “deputy” died in 329AH. The Rāfidah claim that shortly before his death, the last deputy received a letter from the “Mahdī” stating, “Death will come to you within the next six days. So gather your strength. Do not designate anyone to replace you after your death. The Major Occul- tation will commence with your demise. My reappearance will occur only by the permission of Allah, after a very long time” [Kamāl ad-Dīn – Ibn Bābawayh]. 
However, at-Tabarī, Ibn Hazm, and Yahyā Ibn Sā’id all re- ported that al-Hasan al-‘Askarī didn’t have any descendants [As-Siyar – adh-Dhahabī]. Even if one were to claim that his immediate family had successfully hidden the reality of his birth from the masses for 72 years, how did he remain hidden from the world and live for almost 1200 years? If it were obligatory to believe so, it would have been mentioned in the Qur’ān and the Sunnah. Thus, there is no doubt that their “mahdī” is nothing but a fabrication amongst many by the lying Rāfidah, who follow the footsteps of their Bātinī brethren. Many of the Bātiniyyah (heretical sects that claim the Qur’ān has hidden meanings contrary to its apparent words) also believe in a hidden “imām” who went into oc- cultation and who has select “deputies” representing, calling to, or communicating with him. Most famous of these sects is the Ismā’īliyyah (the Seveners), who believe in the occul- tation of Muhammad Ibn Ismā’īl Ibn Ja’far as-Sādiq, who they claim was hidden by his father and grandfather, and will have a second coming. 
Shaykh Abū Mus’ab az-Zarqāwī r said, “The statements of the Salaf pronouncing takfīr upon the Rāfidah are famous. Imām Ahmad r was asked about one who curses Abū Bakr, ‘Umar, or ‘Ā’ishah. He replied, ‘I don’t consider him to be upon Islam’ [As-Sunnah – Al-Khallāl]. He also said, ‘I fear kufr for those who – like the Rāfidah – curse the Sahābah. We can safely say that one who curses the Sahābah of the Prophet  has left the religion’ [As-Sunnah – Al-Khallāl]. He also said, ‘The Rāfidah are those who declare barā’ah from the Sahābah of Muhammad , curse them, degrade them, and curse the leaders of the Sahābah except for four: ‘ Alī, ‘Ammār, al-Miqdād, and Salmān. The Rāfidah have nothing to do with Islam at all’ [As-Sunnah]. Al-Bukhārī r said, ‘It makes no difference to me whether I were to pray behind a Jahmī or Rāfidī or behind a Jew or Christian. They are not to be greeted with salām. Their ill are not to be paid a sick visit. They are not to be married. Their funerals are not to be attended. The meat they slaughter is not to be eaten’ [Khalq Af’āl al-‘Ibād]. Ahmad Ibn Yūnus r (died 227AH) said, ‘If a Jew were to slaughter a sheep and a Rāfidī were to slaughter one, I would eat from the sheep slaughtered by the Jew and not eat from the one slaughtered by the Rāfidī, because the Rāfidī is a murtadd’ [As-Sārim al-Maslūl – Ibn 4 See footnote #2. 
Taymiyyah]. Ibn Hazm r said, ‘The Rāfidah are not from the Muslims’ [Al-Fisal]. Ibn Taymiyyah r said, ‘Whoever claims that some āyāt of the Qur’ān were deleted or hidden ... then there is no difference of opinion on making takfīr of him. Also, whoever claims that the Sahābah apostatized after Rasūlullāh  except a very few who didn’t exceed a dozen, or that they mostly became fussāq (major sinners), then there is no doubt on making takfīr of him, because he has denied the praises of them that the Qur’ān dictated in several places. Rather, whoever doubts the kufr of such a person, then takfīr of him is obligatory. This is because the meaning of this statement is that the transmitters of the Qur’ān and the Sunnah were kuffār or fussāq. It also means that those indicated by this verse {You are the best nation produced for mankind} [Āl ‘Imrān: 110], whose best generation was the first, were mostly kuffār or fussāq. It also means that this Ummah was the worst of nations and the predecessors of this Ummah were the most evil of its peo- ple! The kufr of such a person is known by necessity from the religion of Islam’ [As-Sārim al-Maslūl]. As-Sam’ānī said, ‘The Ummah has Ijmā’ on takfīr of the Imāmiyyah because they believe the Sahābah to be deviant and reject the Ijmā’ of the Sahābah and attribute to them matters that are not befitting of them’ [Al-Ansāb]’” [Abridged from “Hal Atāka Hadīth ar-Rāfidah 1”]. 
Shaykh az-Zarqāwī r also said, “The imāms of the Salaf pronounced takfīr upon the Rāfidah and exposed their re- ality … Imām Mālik r said, ‘He who curses the Sahābah of Rasūlullāh  has no share of Islam’ [As-Sunnah – Al- Khallāl]. Mālik also commented on the following verse: {And the description of them [the Sahābah] in the Injīl is as a plant which produces its offshoots and strengthens them so they grow firm and stand upon their stalks, delighting the sowers – so that Allah may enrage by them the kuffār} [Al-Fath: 29] by saying, ‘Thus whoever is enraged by the Sahābah is a kāfir.’ Imām ash-Shāfi’ī followed him in this deduction” [Ilā Ummatī al-Ghāliyah]. 
2) The Rāfidah make takfīr of the majority of the Sahābah, hate them, and curse them. Muhammad Ibn ‘Abdil-Wah- hāb r said, “The verses of the Qur’ān about the virtues of the Sahābah are numerous and the ahādīth on this are altogether mutawātir explicitly stating their righteousness. Thus whoever believes that the Sahābah or majority of them became fāsiqīn or murtaddīn or believes in the right or legality of cursing them has thereby disbelieved in Allah and His Messenger, denying the virtues of the Sahābah that Allah and His Messenger related” [Ar-Radd ‘Alar-Rāfidah]. He also said, “This is a demolition of the very basis of the religion, because its basis is the Qur’ān and Hadīth. If it were assumed that those who learned from the Prophet  all apostatized except a very few whose number is meager, people would then doubt the Qur’ān and the Hadīth. And we seek refuge from a creed that dictates the collapse of the religion” [Ar-Radd ‘Alar-Rāfidah]. 
3) In addition to their heretical stance towards the majori- ty of the Sahābah, the Rāfidah especially emphasized their hatred and takfīr of the best and most famous Sahābah in- cluding Abū Bakr, ‘Umar, and ‘Uthmān. They did the same towards the wives of the Prophet  especially ‘Ā’ishah the daughter of Abū Bakr and Hafsah the daughter of ‘Umar . Can someone claim a mustard seed of faith while hat- ing the wives of the Prophet  and the best of his com- panions! 
1) The claim that the Rāfidah are excused due to ignorance: The jihād claimants use this argument as armor to shield thereby the Rāfidah from the takfīr and war of the mu- wahhidīn. If the mujāhidīn blow up Rāfidī neighborhoods in Iraq with massive car bombs, the jihād claimants cry out, “You are killing ignorant and innocent Muslims! You should be giving them da’wah, not killing them! Our war is only against America!” 
This doubt has been responded to numerous times. In brief, if a claimant of Islam worships anything or anyone besides Allah, mocks Allah, or completely abandons submission to Him, then he cannot be considered a Muslim. Islam is sin- cerity towards Allah and submission to Him. Its testimony declares that there is none worthy of worship and obedience except Allah. One of its prerequisites is knowledge; and one of its nullifiers is turning away from learning the very basics of Islam. Contrary to the Murji’ah and their brethren from the jihād claimants, Islam is not a superficial claim having no reality. If it were so, most of the conflicts between the Muslims and kuffār would have been resolved without the need for war. But it is this reality – that faith is word and deed – that spites the kuffār the most. They wish that just as they have abandoned most of the deeds mandated by their distorted Tawrāh and Injīl while holding on to the name of “Christianity,” the Muslims would do the same. {They wish you would disbelieve as they disbelieved so you would be the same} [An-Nisā’: 89].5 
Ibn Abī Butayn r (died 1282AH) criticized those who ex- cuse the likes of the Rāfidī laymen, saying, “If a person were to say about the Rāfidah of the era that they are excused 5 Irjā’ in general as well as this exaggerated understanding of ignorance being an excuse has been refuted in several articles of Dābiq. See issue 8, “Irjā’ – The Most Dangerous Bid’ah,” issue 7, “Islam Is the Religion of the Sword,” issue 6, “The Qā’idah of adh-Dhawāhirī … And the Absent Yemeni Wisdom,” and issue 10, “The Law of Allah or the Laws of Men.” 
First: They refer to scholars who did not make takfīr of all the “Shī’ah,” which is a label more general than that of the Rāfidah, as it includes those who preferred ‘Alī to Abū Bakr and ‘Umar while still recognizing the Khilāfah of Abū Bakr and ‘Umar and their companionship. This is an extinct phe- nomenon, now only existing in historical books describing ahlul-bida’. As for the contemporary Zaydiyyah, then they have been Rāfidized by Iranian propaganda, making them a sect engaged in cursing the Sahābah after already imitating the Rāfidah in grave worship. 
Second: They refer to some scholars who did not make tak- fīr of the Rāfidah, each and every one. However their fatāwā should be understood in the context of history, as the lead- ers of the Rāfidah had practiced taqiyyah for centuries while living under the authority of the Muslims, concealing many aspects of their religion from the Sunnī scholars, the pub- lic, and even from their own laymen until the rise of the Safawī state under the leadership of Ismā’īl as-Safawī in the tenth century after the Hijrah. Thereafter, they flagrantly declared their Bātinī creed of kufr and shamelessly mani- fested what it dictated to them of major shirk, openly invit- ing their zealous hordes to a religion of blatant kufr, leaving no Rāfidī layman innocent of apostasy. It was during this “revival” that Muhammad Bāqir al-Majlisī emerged as top religious official of the Safawī state. He wrote several influ- ential books and spread “revivalist” propaganda, leaving a lasting effect on Rafd and the Rāfidah. 
‘ Abdullāh Ibn Muhammad Ibn ‘Abdil-Wahhāb t said after mentioning the fatwā of Ibn Taymiyyah in which he pro- nounced takfīr upon the Rāfidah who make takfīr of the majority of the Sahābah, “This was the ruling upon them to begin with. As for their later generations and now, then they have added major shirk to their Rafd. They practice this shirk at shrines to an extent that even the Arabs to whom Rasūlullāh  was sent to did not reach” [Ad-Durar as-San- iyyah]. 
Muhammad Ibn ‘Abdil-Latīf Āl ash-Shaykh t likewise said after mentioning Ibn Taymiyyah’s fatwā, “This was the rul- ing upon them to begin with. As for now, then their situa- tion is much worse, as they have added to this deviance their worship of the awliyā’ and the righteous from Ahlul-Bayt, believing that Ahlul-Bayt can benefit and harm them, sup- plicating them both in times of hardship and ease. They believe that this is a deed that gets them closer to Allah and a religion that they must adhere to. So whoever is in doubt of their takfīr after such, then he is ignorant of the reality of what the messengers came with and what the books were revealed with. He must therefore review his religion before the coming time of his burial” [Ad-Durar as-Saniyyah]. 
Shaykh Hamd al-Humaydī r – one of the scholars recently killed by Āl Salūl and who had pledged allegiance to the Islamic State – commented on Ibn ‘Abdil-Latīf’s words, say- ing, “That was in his era, so how would it be if he were to see this era and the manifestation of their shirk in Makkah and al-Madīnah, and at al-Baqī’ graveyard and elsewhere?” He later comments, “Thus their males, females, laymen, and scholars are thereby kuffār” [Aqwāl Ahlil-Islām Fil-Hukm ‘Alar-Rāfidah].6 
Twisting the select words of a few scholars to claim that the Rāfidah are “Muslims,” is equivalent to taking the state- ments of the Salaf against the Sufis of their era – those ear- ly Sufis whose mistakes were limited to exaggerated zuhd and waswās – and then misapplying these statements to the grave-worshipping, Jahmī Sufis of later eras, thereby claim- ing that just as the early Sufis were misguided Muslims, the later mushrik Sufis are also misguided “Muslims”! Allah’s refuge is sought from such perversion of the truth. 
6 In his piece, he r quotes several of the scholars from the Salaf on their takfīr of the Rāfidah. Those not mentioned elsewhere in this article include: ‘Abdullāh Ibn al-Hasan Ibn al-Hasan Ibn Abī Tālib (died 145AH), ‘Abdullāh Ibn Mus’ab Ibn Thābit Ibn ‘Abdullāh Ibn az-Zubayr (died 184AH), ‘Abdur-Rahmān Ibn Mahdī (died 198AH), ‘Abdur- Razzāq as-San’ānī (died 211AH), al-Qāsim Ibn Salām (died 224AH), Bishr Ibn al-Hārith (died 227AH), Abū Zur’ah ar-Rāzī (died 264AH), and Abū Hātim ar-Rāzī (died 277AH). May Allah have mercy upon them all. 
Adh-Dhawāhirī said, “We consider the Twelver Shī’ah one of the mubtadi’ sects that innovated bid’ah in creed that reached the point of cursing Abū Bakr, ‘Umar, the Mothers of the Believers, and the majority of the Sahābah and Tā- bi’īn. They consider them to be kuffār, they openly curse them, and they consider the Qur’ān to have been distorted … and they have other innovated beliefs such as claiming the infallibility of the twelve imāms and that these imāms reached a level that neither a prophet nor angel has reached … As for those who are ignorant and believe in these false tenets due to ahādīth they thought to be authentic while the truth had not reached them or due to them being ignorant laymen, then they are excused due to ignorance” [Mawqi- funā Min Īrān]. 
He also said in his infamous letter censuring Shaykh az- Zarqāwī r, “If attacking some of the heads of the Shī’ah is necessary [as you claim], then why do you attack the lay- men of the Shī’ah? Doesn’t this lead to their false beliefs taking root deeper in their hearts, whereas the obligation upon us is to speak to them with da’wah and clarify and convey the truth to them so that they might be guided to it? Will the mujāhidīn ever be able to kill all the Shī’ah of Iraq? Did any Islamic state in history ever try to do so? Why are the laymen of the Shī’ah killed despite them being excused due to their ignorance? And what would we have suppos- edly lost if we had not targeted the Shī’ah? … And do our brothers forget that both we and Iran are in need of each other not harming one another during this era in which the Americans target us both?” 
He said in another letter censuring the targeting of Rā- fidī temples, markets, and neighborhoods that he believes “these deeds spill inviolable blood, as the blood of the wom- en, children, and commoners of the Shī’ah – except their fighters – is inviolable, because they are excused due to ig- norance.” He then goes on to say mockingly, “Do you want to kill all the Shī’ah of Iraq? Then follow them up by killing all the Shī’ah of the Arabian Gulf and Peninsula? Then the Shī’ah of Iran, Shām, and the rest of the world?!” 
He also said, “[The mujāhidīn] must not fight the deviant sects such as the Rāfidah, the Ismā’īliyyah, the Qādiyāni- yyah, and the deviant Sufis, as long as these sects do not fight Ahlus-Sunnah. If they fight Ahlus-Sunnah, then the re- sponse should be limited to the fighters of these sects, while at the same time we must clarify that we are only defending ourselves. We must avoid striking their non-fighters, their families, their homes, their places of worship, their celebra- tions, and their religious gatherings … As for the areas that fall under the control and authority of the mujāhidīn, then these sects should be treated with wisdom after da’wah, promoting awareness, exposing shubuhāt, and command- 
Adh-Dhawāhirī’s policies towards the Rāfidah are clearly based upon his deviant belief that they are “Muslims.” As for his claim that no Islamic state throughout history ever attempted to kill off the Rāfidah, then that is due to his ignorance. The Twelver Rāfidah had not existed during the eras of the Rāshidī, Umawī, and ‘Abbāsī khulafā’ as they exist today, for the sect had been a minority practicing taqiyyah, never having the political power nor the military might to manifest and propagate their blatant kufr and shirk, a condition changed by the advent of the Safawī state four hundred years ago. 
in Afghanistan, the region, and the Muslim world, and the condition of the Afghan refugees in Iran. It should be noted that this visit was a part of many regular visits that the Islamic Emirate delegation makes to various countries of the world for the sake of discussing bilateral topics as well as building, expanding, and strengthening relations” [Statement of the Official Spokesman of the Emirate on a High-Ranking Delegation Sent to Iran]. 
The nationalist Taliban also defended the Rāfidī state of Iran – both its government and public – saying, “The Islam- ic Emirate of Afghanistan denounces the new punishments by the Security Council against the Islamic Republic of Iran and the censures against this country and its people. The Emirate considers these decrees invalid. The Islamic Emir- ate, in accordance with its stance of sympathizing with na- tions, considers the last and previous economic threats from the Security Council to be a great transgression and oppres- sion against the rights of Iran and its people. In this regards, we say that the harmful effects and negative consequences of these warnings fall directly upon the public of Iran. So we demand that all matters be resolved and all problems settled through discussion and understanding” [Statement from the Political Committee of the Emirate on Several Events regarding Afghanistan and the World]. 
The nationalist Taliban also condemned attacks against their Rāfidī brothers, saying, “Two explosions occurred in an unknown manner on ‘Āshūrā’ day the 10th of Muharram 1433AH this year inside Kabul and Mazar-i-Sharif leading a number of our persecuted unarmed citizens being soaked with their own blood and leading their families to sit at gatherings of grief and mourning. From the very beginning, the Islamic Emirate strongly and severely condemned and denounced these two incidents. On 15-1-1433AH, the head shūrā assembly of the Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan held an emergency meeting in this regards. Comprehensive discussions were held about the two incidents in the gath- ering. The officials considered that this act to be a conspir- acy plotted by the defeated enemy. It was resolved that our attentive nation must be intelligently alert for such deeds and acts done by the enemy and not allow anyone to ignite enmity, animosity, and division amongst our united nation whether based on sect, tribe, language, or region so as to prevent them from reaching their sinister and despicable goals. The shūrā assembly also requested that all political and denominational parties in the country give the inter- ests of the people and nation priority to their specific and partisan interests during such crises. They should not make any statements that seek to serve their political goals thereby harming the unity of our nation in a manner that will only cast more oil on the fire the enemy has lit.” 
withdrawal will extend his hand, in accordance with his despicable habit to exploit incidents like the sad day of ‘ Āshūrā’. He strives to plant the seeds of hypocrisy and di- vision between the united Afghan nation so as to break up their unity. This is because the enemy has failed in achiev- ing all his schemes and conspiracies, so he wants to exploit this event as a bayonet by which he takes revenge against our oppressed and poor nation for all his defeats. But our alert and united nation will not lose patience. It will not be reckless. It will never be fooled by the likes of these schemes done by the enemy. This scheme of theirs will fail like all the other schemes and conspiracies. At the end of the gathering after discussing the two incidents from all the angles, the following statement was released containing the following points.” 
“1) The Islamic Emirate offers its condolences to the fam- ilies of all the afflicted and aggrieved by these two inci- dents. It also severely condemns all the likes of these inci- dents. 2) The Islamic Emirate considers these incidents to be the deeds and schemes of the occupation and enemies of Afghanistan. It calls all citizens to fulfill their Islamic responsibility then their national responsibility and coop- erate with each other to prevent any similar incidents, be- cause, like this incident, the acts of the enemy are against all citizens and harm our motherly Afghanistan. 3) The Islamic Emirate especially requests that all the scholars and prominent figures of the Shī’ah in Afghanistan be fully alert after what took place against them and teach their people the reality, which is that the matter is not at all that of enmity between Ahlus-Sunnah and the Shī’ah. They should not pay attention to any irresponsible state- ments from some of the domestic agents of the enemy, those who give this incident the image of being sectarian and domestic spite. These agents do so to achieve their personal goals and satisfy their masters. 4) The Islamic Emirate directs all its mujāhidīn to fulfill their responsi- bilities and carry out the tasks they have been assigned by focusing very much on preventing such atrocious acts from being repeated” [Report on the Emergency Gather- 
Shaykh Abū Mus’ab r said in his famous letter to Shaykh Usāmah Ibn Lādin r, “The Rāfidah are the insurmount- able obstacle, the lurking snake, the scorpion of deception and malice, the prowling enemy, the deadly poison. We here wage a war at two levels. The first war is open and exposed with an aggressive enemy and clear kufr. The second war is a difficult and fierce one with a scheming enemy who dresses like a friend, shows approval, and calls to unity, while he conceals evil and plots day and night, after obtaining the heritage of all the Bātinī sects that had appeared throughout history, leaving a scar upon his face that the days cannot re- move. The precise observer and wise scrutinizer realizes that Shiism is the immediate danger and real challenge. {They are the enemy, so beware of them. May Allah destroy them; how are they deluded?} [Al-Munāfiqūn: 4]. The message of history is confirmed by the testimony of current events, clearly informing the world that Shiism is a religion that does not agree with Islam except like how the Jews gather with the Christians under the label of ‘People of the Book.’ Shiism contains everything from blatant shirk, to grave worship, to circumambulating tombs, to takfīr of the Sahā- bah, to cursing the Mothers of the Believers and the best of this Ummah, to claiming distortion of the Qur’ān – a logical result of their defamation of its carriers – in addition to the claim of the infallibility of the imāms and that belief in them and recognition of their reception of revelation are a basis of faith as well as other forms of kufr and manifesta- tions of zandaqah that their authoritative books and prima- ry references overflow with. And they do not cease to print, distribute, and publish these books and references.” 
He then goes on to explain that the Rāfidah were begin- ning to dissolve their militias and join the newly formed Iraqi government, army, and security under the sight of the Americans and with American aid. The Rāfidah knew a direct conflict between them and Ahlus-Sunnah would only harm Rāfidī interests by awakening Ahlus-Sunnah to jihād. The Rāfidah believed that such a conflict would have to be delayed until the stabilization of a crusader-backed government controlled by the Rāfidah themselves. And they committed many crimes against Ahlus-Sunnah before the establishment of such a government, but always covert- ly, killing many mujāhidīn, scholars, intellectuals, doctors, and engineers, while taking advantage of the fact that un- like the very obvious Americans, the Rāfidah spoke Arabic, looked Iraqi, and knew the Iraqi territory well. This made them a greater obstacle and more dangerous enemy than the Americans. The Rāfidah also exploited the naivety of some of Ahlus-Sunnah, by practicing taqiyyah and hiding their kufr and animosity. As a result of these schemes, most mujāhidīn killed during the initial American invasion were actually killed by the Rāfidah. 
He r also said elsewhere, “It is not possible for the Muslims to achieve victory against the hostile kuffār from the Jews and Christians except by abolishing those apostate agents – especially the Rāfidah – near the Muslims. This is what history observed for us, as Baytul-Maqdis, which fell in the hands of the Crusaders with the aid of the ‘Ubaydī Rāfi- dah, was not taken back except at the hands of Salāhuddīn, despite Nūruddīn Mahmūd being harsher against the Cru- saders than Salāhuddīn. But Allah  declared that victory and liberation of Baytul-Maqdis would be upon the hands of Salāhuddīn. But when? After he fought the ‘Ubaydī Rāfi- dah for years and completely abolished and destroyed their state. Thereafter, he dedicated his efforts to the war against the Crusaders until victory was achieved and he retook Bay- tul-Maqdis, which had been for years in the hands of the Crusaders due to the treachery of the Rāfidah.” 
“This is a very important lesson that history presents to us. One should not be heedless of this lesson. We will never have victory against the aslī kuffār8 except after also fighting murtadd kuffār in addition to the aslī kuffār. The Islamic victories that took place during the era of al-Khulafā’ ar- Rāshidīn came only after cleansing the Arabian Peninsula of the apostates” [Hal Atāka Hadīth ar-Rāfidah]. 
The difference between the two methodologies is due to the issue of takfīr. Shaykh Abū Mus’ab considered the blood of the Rāfidah obligatory to spill, so he did not hesitate in ex- ecuting operations that lead to their deaths. Every day, the Rāfidī cities and neighborhoods of Iraq were targeted with car bombs and truck bombs. In contrast, adh-Dhawāhirī considers that the filthy blood of the Rāfidah is harām to spill, and so he censures any attempt at reviving jihād against these pagan apostates! 
Talhah Ibn Musarrif r (died 112AH) said, “The women 8 Editor’s Note: The kāfir aslī is a kāfir having nothing to do with Islam, like the Jews, Christians, Hindus, etc. As for the kāfir who was once a Muslim and became a Jew or Christian, then he is a murtadd. Likewise, the kuffār who mix “Islam” with kufr and shirk – such as the Rāfidah, the tawāghīt, and the Nusayriyyah – then they are also murtaddīn. 9 An example of this ignorant phenomenon was reported in Dābiq, issue 6, “Dismantling a Khārijī Cell,” page 31. 
them to manifest their rancor against Ahlus-Sunnah and bare the teeth of the Bātinī spite festering in their chests. If we succeed, it is possible to awaken the neglectful Sun- nis, as they will feel the imminent danger and approaching death upon the hands of these Saba’iyyah [followers of Ibn Saba’]. Ahlus-Sunnah, despite their weakness and division, are sharper blades and more resolved and truthful on the battlefield than these Bātiniyyah, for the Rāfidah are a peo- ple of treachery and cowardice. They only assail the weak. They only assault the helpless. Ahlus-Sunnah in general un- derstand the danger of these people and are cautious and fearful of the results of such consolidation being granted to the Rāfidah. If it were not for the cowardly dissuading heads of Sufism and the Ikhwān, the people would have been much better off.” 
“This matter, in addition to what is anticipated from it of awakening those who are in slumber, will also trim the nails of these Rāfidah and pull out their canines before the in- evitable war. It is also anticipated to incite the anger of the people against the Americans, who brought this destruction and who were the cause of this evil. It will also deter the people from enjoying leisure and achieving some of the de- lights they were prohibited before, which would make them succumb to comfort, cling to the earth, prefer safety, and turn them back from the clashing of swords and neighing of steeds.” 
“The Method of Operation: Our condition dictates that we deal with the matter with courage and clarity and endeav- or for a solution … The solution as we believe, and Allah knows best, is to expose the Rāfidah and raise the resolve of Ahlus-Sunnah to fight them and stop them. This is for several reasons: A) The Rāfidah have declared a hidden war against the Muslims. They are the close and dangerous ene- my to Ahlus-Sunnah. Even though the Americans are also a major enemy, but the Rāfidah are more severely dangerous and more murderous towards the Ummah than the Amer- icans … B) They took the Americans as allies, supported them, stood in their ranks in the face of the mujāhidīn, and sacrificed and continue to sacrifice for the Americans everything precious so as to end jihād and the mujāhidīn. 
The ruling of apostasy upon the Rāfidah as a sect and in- dividuals was quoted earlier from numerous scholars from various eras. It was also the verdict of Ibn Taymiyyah and others upon the Bātiniyyah including the Druze, the Nu- sayriyyah, and the Ismā’īliyyah, all of which were sects that formed centuries before these scholars. This ruling has noth- ing to do with the individual Rāfidī or Bātinī ever actually being a Muslim fulfilling the prerequisites of Islam. And similar to the ruling of a person who hypocritically claims Islam and then later declares his hypocrisy or a Jew that pronounces the shahādah but claims he was just joking, the person raised as a Rāfidī is treated as an apostate, although he had never truly been Muslim. This has been the ruling of scholars for centuries regarding any apostate sect.10 
This ruling dictates that the Rāfidah are to be treated with the sword against riddah, which differs from the sword against kufr aslī. The difference between the two swords is as follows: 1) The murtadd can be killed after he is taken prisoner even if he declares repentance. 2) The murtadd cannot pay jizyah to become a dhimmī. 3) A treaty cannot be signed with the murtaddīn. 4) Murtadd men cannot be enslaved. 5) A murtadd cannot be released for ransom. 6) A murtadd cannot be released as clemency. 7) A murtadd can be forced back into Islam. Etc. 11 
they could remain Rāfidah, pay jizyah, and become from ahludh-dhimmah, that a treaty could be signed with them, that their men could be enslaved, that they could be released out of clemency or for ransom, and that they should not be forced into Islam! A deviant ignoramus might even claim they are more suited to be considered from Ahlul-Kitāb than the Jews and Christians, as the Rāfidah have a kitāb, although they consider it distorted! 
Ibn Taymiyyah r said, “Because they consider the Mus- lims to have worse kufr than the Jews and Christians, they take the enemies of the religion as their close allies, those whose enmity everyone knows of, like the Jews, Christians, and pagans. They have enmity towards the awliyā’ of Allah who are the best people of the religion and the leaders of the pious” [Minhāj as-Sunnah]. He also said, “Every intelligent individual should reflect upon the episodes of evil, fitnah, and corruption in his era and before that. He will find the majority of these episodes are from the Rāfidah. You will find them to be the worst of people in making fitnah and evil” [Minhāj as-Sunnah]. 
Therefore, Shaykh az-Zarqāwī r said, “By recalling histor- ical experiences, testimonies of past eras, signs of current events, and the experiences we live today, we will under- stand truly the meaning of {They are the enemy, so beware of them. May Allah destroy them; how are they deluded?} [Al-Munāfiqūn: 4]. Throughout history, they have been a pang in the throats of the Muslims, a dagger in their backs, the rat that destroyed the dam, and the bridge over which the enemies of the Ummah pass.” 
“Shaykhul-Islām Ibn Taymiyyah spoke the truth when he described their condition after describing their takfīr of the Muslims, he r said, ‘For this reason, they help the kuffār against the Muslim masses. They also helped the Mongols. They were one of the biggest reasons for Genghis Khan, the king of the kuffār, invading the Muslim lands. They were also the reason for Hulagu Khan’s invasion of Iraq, taking of Aleppo, and plundering of as-Sālihiyyah. They also have many other treacheries they committed with their malice and deception. For this reason, they plundered the Muslim army as it travelled near them on its way back to Egypt after the first episode. For this reason, via armed robbery, 
they devastate the highways of the Muslims. For this rea- son, they supported the Mongols and the Franks against the Muslims. The biggest sorrow was manifested by them when Islam again became victorious. Similarly, when the Muslims conquered the shores of ‘Akkah and its nearby regions, the Rāfidah supported the Christians and preferred them to the Muslims … All that I described is just a part of their evil, whereas the matter is much greater. There is rancor and rage in their chests – the likes of which can be found in no other people’s hearts – directed to all ranks and levels of Muslims. According to them, the greatest act of worship is to curse the awliyā’ of Allah … The Rāfidah are the people who strive the most to divide the Jamā’ah of the Muslims. One of their greatest principles is to make takfīr of and curse the best of the Muslim leaders like al-Khulāfā’ ar-Rāshidīn and the scholars, because everyone who does not believe in the infallible nonexistent imām has not believed in Al- lah and His Messenger . The Rāfidah love the Mongols and their state, because through it they achieved honor the likes of which they could not achieve in a Muslim state. If the Muslims conquer the Christians and mushrikīn, it is a pang in the throats of the Rāfidah. If the mushrikīn and Christians conquer the Muslims, it is a celebration and joy for the Rāfidah’ [Majmū’ al-Fatāwā]. That ends his words, rahimahullāh. It is as if he lives amongst us describing what he witnessed with his own eyes, when he says, ‘And likewise, if the Jews establish a state in Iraq or elsewhere, the Rāfi- dah would be from their greatest supporters, because they always support the kuffār from the mushrikīn, the Jews, and the Christians. They help them in fighting and waging war against the Muslims’ [Majmū’ al-Fatāwā]” [Ilā Ummatī al-Ghāliyah]. 
The Rāfidah were behind the early fitan during the reigns of ‘Uthmān, ‘Alī, and Mu’āwiyah . The Rāfidah were be- hind the death of al-Husayn h. The Rāfidah waged war against the ‘Abbāsī Khilāfah via the so-called “Fātimī” state. They supported the Mongols against the ‘Abbāsī Khulafā’ and the Muslim kings thereafter. They supported the Franks and the Crusaders in their invasions of Shām and Palestine. They waged war against Ahlus-Sunnah through the Safawī state. They aided the Americans in their invasions of Af- ghanistan and Iraq. They supported the Nusayrī regime in Shām and established a Rāfidī militia-state in Yemen. They will continue to wage war against the Muslims until the Rāfidah ultimately unite with the Jews under the banner of the Dajjāl. 
Undoubtedly, these fabricated narrations falsely attributed to Ahlul-Bayt actually describe the Dajjāl – the “Messiah” of the Jews. Despite these reports all being fabrications, the Rāfidah strive to follow what the lies dictate, as they con- sider them the greatest pillar of their religion. Were these reports fabricated by Jews following the footsteps of Ibn Saba’? Were they the plots of the Dajjāl conveyed to the Rā- fidah through his network of shayātīn? Were they revealed to the Rāfidah by the shayātīn as dreams? Allah knows best.12 
These are the Rāfidah. Initiated by a sly Jew, they are an apostate sect drowning in worship of the dead, cursing the best companions and wives of the Prophet , spreading doubt on the very basis of the religion (the Qur’ān and the Sunnah), defaming the very honor of the Prophet , and preferring their “twelve” imāms to the prophets and even to Allah! Their hordes of followers all partake in the apostasy of their heads and leaders. Accordingly, there is no differ- ence between a layman Rāfidī and a “scholar” except in the diseased hearts of the jihād claimants, as the Rāfidah did not only reject Abū Bakr and ‘Umar, they also rejected Is- lam and the very basis of the religion. And throughout his- tory, they have never hesitated to cooperate with the Jews, Christians, and pagans against Islam and the Muslims. 
Thus, the Rāfidah are mushrik apostates who must be killed wherever they are to be found, until no Rāfidī walks on the face of earth, even if the jihād claimants despise such and even if the jihād claimants defend the Rāfidah with their words day and night. The Rāfidah and their founder Ibn Saba’ hated the khulafā’ of the Muslims, spread strife amongst their ranks, encouraged dissent, and waged war against the historic khilāfah all in the name of “command- ing the good and forbidding the evil,” a trait the jihād claimants also share with the Rāfidah. It is therefore not surprising that the jihād claimants now wage war against the Islamic State while condemning the targeting of Rāfidī temples, markets, and neighborhoods. 
Finally, the Rāfidah await the Jewish Dajjāl, who they plot to support alongside the Jews against the Muslims. Thus, as the signs of the Hour approach, a Muslim should ignore the confusion spread by the callers to Hellfire and instead – while performing jihād – reflect upon the condition of the Rāfidah, those who imitate them, and those who defend them, and thereafter ask Allah to keep his heart firm upon Islam, protect him from the evil of the Dajjāl and all other fitnah, and enlighten his heart with truth, until he meets Allah while He is pleased with him. 
and being bulky [Reported by al-Bukhārī and Muslim from Ibn ‘Umar]. His hair is also described as being very curly [Reported by Muslim from Ibn ‘Umar]. He is also described as being tan [Reported by Imām Ahmad from Junādah Ibn Abī Umayyah]. He is also described as being Jewish [Reported by Muslim from Abū Sa’īd al-Khudrī]. He is also described as being on an island in the eastern seas, chained and imprisoned [Reported by Muslim from Fātimah Bint Qays]. He is described as coming from the East on his way to al-Madīnah [Reported by Muslim from Abū Hurayrah]. The earth is folded for him so that he can cover it in forty days [Reported by Ibn Hibbān from Fātimah Bint Qays]. He will not leave a single fountain on the earth except that he will stop at it [Reported by Imām Ahmad from Jābir]. He will pass by ruins and order it to produce forth its treasures; the treasures will then follow him like bees [Reported by Muslim from an-Nawwās Ibn Sam’ān]. 
The above-mentioned traits are similar to those of the so- called “Mahdī” described in the books of the Rāfidah. His hair is very curly [Ilzām an-Nāsib – al-Hā’irī]. He is tan [Al-Ghaybah – at-Tūsī]. He has a big belly [Al-Ghaybah – an-Nu’mānī]. He has red in his skin tone [Al-Ghaybah – an-Nu’mānī]. He looks like the men of Banī Isrā’īl [Ilzām an-Nāsib – al-Hā’irī]. He is currently on a green island in the seas and chained up for his protection [Ilzām an-Nāsib – al-Hā’irī]. He is displaced and alone [Bihār al-Anwār – al-Majlisī]. He will begin his call from the east [Bihār al-An- wār – al-Majlisī]. The earth will be folded for him [Ilzām an-Nāsib]. He will not leave a single fountain on the earth except that he will stop at it [Kashf al-Ghummah – al-Ir- bilī]. The treasures of the earth will emerge for him [I’lām al-Warā – at-Tabrasī]. The “angels” with him will carry swords belonging to the family of Dāwūd  [Al-Kāfī – al-Kulaynī]. He will extract the ark of Mūsā and Hārūn and conquer cities with it [Ar-Raj’ah – al-Ihsā’ī]. He will have with him the staff of Mūsā and the ring of Sulaymān [I’lām al-Warā – at-Tabarsī]. He will have the tablets of Mūsā [Al- Kāfī – al-Kulaynī]. 
In an issue of “TIME” magazine released shortly after the blessed attacks in Paris, Michael Morell – former deputy director of the CIA who also served twice as its acting direc- tor – wrote an article titled “What Comes Next, And How Do We Handle It? – ISIS Will Strike America.” Despite a fatal flaw in its title – as Islamic State knights have struck in America on numerous occasions before the magazine’s re- lease including the attacks executed by the martyrs Usaama Rahim, Zale Thompson, Elton Simpson, Nadir Soofi, and others, may Allah accept them all – we present this article below. Morell’s preposition was emphasized swiftly by two brave heroes of the Khilāfah: the martyred husband and wife, Syed Rizwan Farook and Tashfeen Malik, may Allah accept them both. Yes indeed, the Islamic State had struck once again in the American homeland. 
“[T]he potential exists for the quantity of … [homegrown] attacks to be large. The number of ISIS followers dwarfs the number of followers that al-Qaeda ever had. Over time, the indirect threat, if not significantly degraded, will become a direct one – that is, ISIS will have the ability to plan and direct attacks on the homeland from the group’s safe havens in Iraq and Syria, just like it did in Paris.” 
The Wālī: Alhamdulillāh, the situation in Khurāsān brings good tidings, by Allah’s permission. We have achieved tamkīn in the Wilāyah, but not on the same level as Iraq and Shām in terms of the magnitude of territory on the ground. The lands of Khurāsān are very vast and include “Afghanistan,” western “Pakistan,” and other lands that the murtaddīn had taken over. We have conquered and gained consolidation in five “administrative regions” here, walham- dulillāh, and in terms of the visible aspects of tamkīn, we – by Allah’s grace – establish Allah’s law therein and im- plement the hudūd. We have established judicial courts in these regions, offices for hisbah, offices for zakāh, and oth- ers for education, da’wah and masājid, and public services. We set up a specific division for every shar’ī and adminis- trative duty therein and appointed qualified and specialized officials based on the personnel available from amongst the muhājirīn and ansār in the Wilāyah. 
The Wālī: Wilāyat Khurāsān has great importance to Is- lam and the Muslims. It had once been under the author- ity of the Muslims, along with the regions surrounding it. Afterwards, the secularist and Rāfidī murtaddīn conquered some of these regions, and the cow-worshipping Hindus and atheist Chinese conquered other nearby regions, as is the case in parts of Kashmir and Turkistan. So the Wilāyah, 
Also, the people of Khurāsān in general love Islam and war- fare, and because of this, the region has a dormant force for supporting tawhīd and jihād. Thus, as the reality of the Khilāfah becomes more clear to the people of Khurāsān, they will join the Wilāyah at a greater rate and strengthen its jihād against the enemies of Islam and the Muslims, includ- ing the kuffār, the murtaddīn, and those who ally with them inside and outside the region. As such, they will be a strong building block for the Khilāfah in this part of the world. And the coming generations will be raised upon the Book and the Sunnah from a young age. This is a tremendous grace that has reached this region by way of this khilāfah, which is upon the prophetic methodology, and by way of our imām and khalīfah, Abū Bakr al-Baghdādī al-Qurashī. 
As for the difficulties, then they are nothing but the tāghūt enemies of Allah – including “Pakistan” on one side, and “Afghanistan” on the other – standing with their armies and intelligence agencies against Islam, its khilāfah, and the wilāyah that represents it and implements its methodolo- gy in the region. These two governments attempt to cre- ate many problems in order to obstruct the jihād of the Wilāyah and thereby hinder the establishment of Islam and its methodology in the region. They attempt to stop the expansion of the Khilāfah. Such is also the condition of those organizations that these two governments produce, support, or take advantage of, and to whom they extend aid, and for whom they pave the way. This leads these or- ganizations, such as the nationalist Taliban movement, to instigate various problems in order to wage war against the Khilāfah. But how impossible it is for all these organizations and others to extinguish the light of Allah! For this is a kh- ilāfah that rose upon the prophetic methodology and upon the foundation of tawhīd, thus all these tawāghīt together will not be able to stand before its lions – the lions of tawhīd and ‘aqīdah. The tawāghīt succeeded against the “Islamic” organizations and movements that held flimsy creeds and deficient methodologies, whether they were “da’wah”-ori- ented or “jihād”-oriented. As for the Khilāfah, it is a thorn – rather, an axe! – in the necks of the kuffār and murtaddīn in this region, by Allah’s power and strength. 
The Wālī: Akhtar Mansour and his associates have strong and deep ties with Pakistani intelligence, and they live in the most important cities of “Pakistan,” such as Islamabad, Peshawar, and Quetta. Rather, even Akhtar Mansour’s ad- visory council contains members from the Pakistani intel- ligence! On top of that, Pakistani intelligence aids him in everything he does. His ties to the Pakistani intelligence agency “ISI” became clear when its former head, the mur- tadd retired general Hamid Gul passed away several months ago – that general who Pakistani intelligence hired to man- age the “Islamic” organizations so that they would be sub- missive to the interests of the local and global tawāghīt. When this general died, Akhtar Mansour gave the greatest condolences over his death out of loyalty to Pakistani intel- ligence and in recognition of everything they’ve done for him and for his Taliban movement. He stated in his con- dolences over Gul’s death, “With the death of Mullā ‘Umar one of our arms was severed, but with the death of General Hamid Gul we feel that the other arm has been severed. The death of General Hamid Gul is no less in any way than the adversity we suffered with the parting of Mullā ‘Umar.” He also added, “Following the death of Mullā ‘Umar, he [General Hamid Gul] played an important role in unifying the Taliban.” 
As for the condition of the war against the governments and armies of apostasy in Khurāsān that are allied with the crusaders, then the jihād against the Pakistani and Afghan armies of apostasy is continuing and is proceeding with force, by Allah’s grace, power, and strength. The mujāhidīn bravely carry on in fighting the armies of both apostate governments and their forces who have betrayed Allah, His Messenger , and the Muslims. 
It is upon every Muslim who wants to support the Sharī’ah to hasten in making hijrah to this wilāyah or to one of the other wilāyāt of the Khilāfah, for it is their land, the land of Islam. It is upon them to make hijrah in order to escape from the humiliation of the Dunyā and the punishment of the Hereafter, and to leave the camp of falsehood and enter the camp of truth wherein there is no falsehood. We wel- come them all and do not differentiate between a muhājir and others, for the believers are brothers between whom there is no difference except through taqwā. The muhājir is more beloved to us than our own selves, and Allah’s law is established here, walhamdulillāh, so the muhājir will thereby protect his religion, himself, his honor, his wealth, and his mind, and support the religion of Allah with what he has of knowledge and experience. I repeat that it is not appropriate for a Muslim man or woman to delay from making hijrah. They should not delay in manifesting their loyalty to the Muslims and the Khilāfah. 
The Wālī: The Uzbek mujāhid brothers gave bay’ah to the Khalīfah with sincerity, and they are mujāhidīn who are truthful in their jihād, walhamdulillāh. We consider them as such, and Allah is their judge. However, the treacher- ous, deviant, nationalist Taliban movement began fighting them on the 25th of Muharram, and this cruel movement didn’t care that the Uzbek brothers had made hijrah for the cause of Allah. So a number of the Uzbek brothers were martyred and wounded because of the Taliban’s criminal assault against them, and the Taliban movement increased in its tyranny and criminality by purposely kill- ing their defenseless women and children, with the move- ment’s fighters executing them, sparing no one they could find. And there is no power or strength except with Allah. They killed them for no sin, but only because they de- clared their support for the Sharī’ah and their war against the tawāghīt. 
The Wālī: There’s no doubt that the nationalist Taliban movement has permitted farmers and merchants to grow and sell opium. Rather, the matter has reached the point that the movement itself harvests opium, and even worse than that is that the Taliban themselves transport opium and heroin in their personal vehicles, charging a fee to the sellers and the addicts! They also take a 10% cut as well as taxes from them. Akhtar Mansour himself is considered as being from the major dealers of these narcotics. 
The Wālī: We believed for a long time that Mullā ‘Umar wasn’t alive, and that was because eight years ago we be- gan noticing changes and deviations in the disposition of the Taliban as well as in their deeds and official statements. They began to leave off implementation of the Sharī’ah in the regions they controlled. We also noticed the Taliban’s inclination towards negotiating with the apostate govern- ment, and in this respect, the movement opened an office for itself in Qatar, declared its recognition of the nationalist borders drawn out by the crusaders, built strong ties with Pakistani intelligence, and began moving freely in the Pa- kistani regions. All of these matters indicated that Mullā ‘Umar was no longer alive. We also noticed that no one was able to meet him during this period, and no one had seen a video of him or heard any recording of his voice giving orders and otherwise on matters of war or anything con- cerning the land. 
As for the reason for Akhtar Mansour’s concealment of the news of Mullā ‘Umar’s death, his goal was to sideline some people and promote his friends and likes to rule “Afghani- stan” and manage the war in accordance with what he him- self desires and in accordance with what is desired by Paki- stani intelligence, which stands behind him, working in the shadows. So he thereby attempted to distance the truthful people away from leadership and away from administering the affairs of the Muslims in the region specifically and that of the Muslim Ummah in general. Rather, he wouldn’t have any problem killing the truthful mujāhidīn, and he would attribute all the matters and official statements during that period to Mullā ‘Umar so that the people would submit to them. And throughout all that, he would present himself as Mullā ‘Umar’s deputy. So he would mislead the people in this evil manner and carry out anything he wished! Thus – through his cunning and evil – he was able to utilize the concealment of Mullā ‘Umar’s death to do what his shaytān dictated to him, such as declaring his recognition of the nationalist, crusader borders, opening an office in an apos- tate tāghūt state as he did in Qatar, resorting to scandalous negotiations, developing strong ties with Pakistani intelli- gence, and finally, starting a war against the Khilāfah. And all this he would do in the name of Mullā ‘Umar. 
from the movement and remained without fighting or activ- ity. All this occurred because the Taliban movement deviated significantly from what it was upon in its past. The Taliban movement has now become a hostage and a plaything in the hands of others who steer it as they wish, as Akhtar Mansour concealed the news of Mullā ‘Umar’s death, took advantage of the concealment, and used the name of Mullā ‘Umar to steer the movement towards his despicable goals and in ac- cordance with the orders and instructions of the Pakistani intelligence. 
Dābiq: What is the difference between Taliban “Afghan- istan” and Taliban “Pakistan,” whether in methodology or in terms of their relationships with the tawāghīt and intelligence agencies? Are there Taliban factions allied to the Afghan government and others allied to the Pakistani government? What is their role on the ground in regards to treachery? And are Taliban “Pakistan” a part of Taliban “Afghanistan”? 
The Wālī: There used to be a difference between the two Talibans, but now there’s no longer any difference other than in their names and in other superficial issues. Both of the Talibans now don’t implement the Sharī’ah. Rather, they both follow the desires of the people and both fight while taking and obeying orders from others. There were many sincere individuals in the Taliban “Pakistan” move- ment waging jihād in order to raise high the word of Al- lah, in order to implement His pure Sharī’ah. But after the establishment of the Khilāfah, all the truthful mujāhidīn in the movement joined the Khilāfah and gave bay’ah to the Khalīfah, and therefore there is no one left in Taliban “Pakistan” except for corrupters. Because of that, the two Talibans aren’t different from each other except that Taliban “Afghanistan” fights against Wilāyat Khurāsān while taking 
The Wālī: Al-Qā’idah no longer has a real presence in Khu- rāsān apart from the presence of only a few of its mem- bers. They are individuals who have no ability to fight the Wilāyah, but spare no effort in spreading misconceptions against the Khilāfah and against its Wilāyah in Khurāsān and inciting the people against giving bay’ah and support- ing the Khilāfah. Al-Qā’idah has collapsed in a very big way here in its center and former stronghold. There no longer remains any difference between it and the Pakistani intelli- gence-affiliated Taliban “Afghanistan,” as the organization’s leader Ayman adh-Dhawāhirī has given bay’ah to Akhtar Mansour recently. As such, Akhtar Mansour became a lead- er issuing orders and Ayman adh-Dhawāhirī became a fol- lower receiving orders. There is no difference between the two groups. Both ultimately fall under the authority of the Pakistani intelligence, and both are against the Khilāfah and its Wilāyah in Khurāsān, and in reality, against Islam. 
there when they don’t even establish it in their own lands! So when the “maslahah” (preservation of their interests) re- quired that they ceasefire, withdraw, and retreat, the intelli- gence agencies left the people of Kashmir in the middle of the road and in the worst of situations. The degree of Paki- stani “interests” always fluctuates back and forth, doing so especially in the last years, until the people of Kashmir hit a roadblock and there was no one to save them from the quag- mire into which they were thrown. Because of this, many of the people of Kashmir and the soldiers of the factions left and made hijrah to Wilāyat Khurāsān, walhamdulillāh. Thus, there’s a big opportunity, with Allah’s permission, to establish the religion of Allah there and for the Islamic State to expand to it. There are specific arrangements in those regions and the Muslims will soon hear pleasant news about the Khilāfah’s expansion to those lands, inshā’allāh. 
The apostate factions and agents of the tawāghīt of “Paki- stan,” such as Lashkar-e-Taiba, do not have control over any territory in the regions of Kashmir, because they proceed in accordance with the orders of the Pakistani intelligence, as they are the ones who direct their work, pushing them forward when they wish and pulling them back when they wish. They also conceal their work when they wish, depend- ing on the local and global atmosphere and based on per- sonal material interests, without any consideration for the interests of the Muslims in Kashmir. 
The Wālī: In reality, we’ve seen before how the tawāghīt of Pakistan, and specifically their army and intelligence, would exploit the various “Islamic” organizations on the issue of Kashmir for their despicable personal interests. They also exploited the zeal of the people of Kashmir for the sake of their own interests, not out of any concern for the affairs of the Muslims, nor for the sake of establishing Allah’s law in the land. And how would they establish Allah’s law over 
The Wālī: Yes, I say to them: O Muslims, O my brothers for the sake of Allah, fear Allah concerning yourselves and have mercy on yourselves. Look around, all the sects of kufr and atheism as well as the sects of apostasy have gathered. They have gathered against the Muslims. They do not leave the Muslims to practice the religion in its entirety and thus become completely for Allah. Rather, they leave them to practice some of its acts of worship such as the prayer, the 
s for my advice to the Muslims in the Khilāfah specifi- cally, I say to them: Congratulations on this blessing from Allah, the blessing of the Khilāfah which your Lord and God has bestowed upon you, for indeed Allah has granted you a great gift, so do not forget this mercy and this tre- mendous favor. Indeed, we were waiting for it impatiently and anxiously throughout our entire past jihād. So don’t deny this precious blessing. Fulfill its right and always be thankful for it. Adorn yourselves with a virtuous and noble character and with good deeds, firstly so that Allah will be pleased with us for doing so, and secondly so that it can be a means of calling all people to Allah’s religion, and so that those astray and misguided can follow you and find what they’re seeking through your character, your deeds, and your upright behavior. They would thus see the reality of the Khilāfah and its importance to them and to all Mus- lims, and would then take revenge for it and support Allah’s religion through it. This effort would also be a means of calling to the reality of the manhaj of the Khilāfah, where the Muslim shades himself and wherein he finds all manner of good, safety, and security. And so it can be a means of calling the kuffār to accept Islam and rest under the shade of the Khilāfah. I also advise my Muslims brothers in the Khilāfah to exert everything they possess in terms of effort and jihād, and to sacrifice everything precious and dear to them, and to not spare any effort, even if it’s small, and to do all that for the sake of strengthening their Khilāfah, and to not disobey Allah openly or in secret – for blessings are reduced and taken away due to sins – and to work hard to direct all aspects of their lives in accordance with the Book and the Sunnah, and to not violate any of the Khalīfah’s orders so that Allah does not become angry with them. {O you who have believed, obey Allah and obey the Messenger and those in authority among you} [An-Nisā’: 59]. 
Hajj, and the zakāh. They don’t want the Muslims to rule all aspects of their lives based on the commands and prohibi- tions of Allah. Therefore, I advise you that just as the kuffār and murtaddīn have gathered against you to prevent you from establishing your religion, to move Islam out of their way, and end it… I advise you for the sake of Allah to unite and gather against the world of kufr, apostasy, and atheism. Allah has prohibited division in His clear-cut revelation and has commanded adherence to the Jamā’ah and to hold firm- ly to His strong rope. {And hold firmly to the rope of Allah all together and do not become divided} [Āl ‘Imrān: 103]. Therefore, unite and gather by the order of Allah who or- dered us not to become divided. Unite so that you don’t lose your strength and thus fail. Just as Allah prohibited shirk, fornication, consuming what is harām, and so on with His words, Allah has also strongly prohibited division. And it is not allowed for a Muslim to believe in parts of the Book and disbelieve in other parts. 
The Khilāfah is an extremely significant matter in Allah’s law. It builds unity between the Muslims and prevents di- vision. It also steers their affairs. Likewise, the solutions to all the issues of the Ummah lie in the establishment of the Khilāfah. Allah has now bestowed it upon us out of His tre- mendous favor and grace. So be thankful for Allah’s blessing and He will increase it for you, and the first aspect of show- ing thankfulness is to recognize His blessing and head to the land of the Khilāfah. Therefore, I call on all the Muslims on the face of the earth and say to them: Come forth to strengthen and unify the ranks of the Muslims. Come forth to support Allah’s religion revealed from above the seven heavens. Come forth to aid the Khilāfah upon the prophet- ic methodology. Come forth to give bay’ah to your khalīfah and imām who looks after your affairs. Come forth, and let every one of you give what he has to offer. Come forth to fight the kuffār, mushrikīn, and murtaddīn, and to drive out their falsehood, which has committed haughty and gross tyranny in the land. And do not listen to any barking that misleads you away and distances you from the right Allah has blessed you with. You see and hear how they disparage the Khilāfah and its soldiers and make accusations against them, as is the habit of every stubborn kāfir, deviant heretic, and murtadd. They accuse its soldiers sometimes of being Takfīriyyīn and other times of being Khawārij. You see and hear how the murtadd Pakistani media, which serves as an agent of the Jews and Christians, accuses the mujāhidīn of Wilāyat Khurāsān – without the least bit of shame and without any evidence – of being agents of the Indian intel- ligence. All these barkers do so out of their enmity towards Allah’s religion, for the sake of Shaytān, and to distort the reputation of the Khilāfah and its mujāhidīn in order to mislead the common Muslims so that they don’t head for their blessed state gifted to them by Allah. The misleading deviant “scholars” even left their corrupt fatāwā that had been directed against fighting the kuffār and murtaddīn 
The death of a single Muslim, no matter his role in society, is more grave to the believer than the massacre of every kāfir on earth. And while the Sharī’ah calls for the invasion of all kāfir lands, certainly the aggressors are dealt with before those nations not actively waging war against the Khilāfah. This is an obvious reality. Any disbeliever standing in the way of the Islamic State will be killed, without pity or remorse, until Muslims suffer no harm and governance is entirely for Allah. 
Brussels, the heart of Europe, has been struck. The blood of its vitality spilled on the ground, trampled under the feet of the mujāhidīn. Flames ignited years ago in Iraq have now scorched the battleground of Bel- gium, soon to spread to the rest of crusader Europe and the West. Paris was a warning. Brussels was a reminder. What is yet to come will be more devastating and more bitter by the permission of Allah, and Allah prevails 
For nearly two years, Muslims in the lands of the Khilāfah have watched their beloved brothers, sis- ters, and children being relentlessly bombed by crusader warplanes. The scenes of carnage, of blood and limbs scattered in the streets, have become commonplace for the believers. The yearning for revenge has taken seed and has grown steadily in the hearts of the grieving widows, distressed or- phans, and solemn soldiers; and the fruits are ready for harvest. 
over His affair, but most people do not know. Having heeded the lessons of years spent fighting the harshest of wars in mod- ern times, the soldiers of the Islamic State promise their adver- saries dark days of death and destruction in their own lands. Bullets and shrapnel will slash and pierce all those whom Al- lah’s soldiers reach. Survivors will be scarred physically and mentally, haunted whenever their eyes are closed, whenever they blink. The sounds of sirens will fill the air, preceded by blasts from bombs planted in all the right places. The damage to their economy, their infrastructure, and their sources of in- come will make their lives harder than they now imagine. And it will not end there, not until the rule of Allah reaches east to west and the Muslims walk undisturbed by the kāfir filth beneath them. 
Unlike the slaves of Shaytān, who strike with all their mor- tal might yet fear their mortal fate, the slaves of ar-Rahmān are prepared to meet their Lord, hopeful of His acceptance. Those kuffār who presume their bombs and proxy soldiers will cause the Islamic State to stop should realize that the soldiers of the Khilāfah have surrendered themselves to Allah, the Cre- ator of all things and Master of the Universe. There is thus no possibility of their surrender to humans. The crusaders, on the other hand, have no eventual choice but to accept defeat. While arrogance will prevent them today, it is only a matter of time – after as many blessed operations as Allah facilitates for His soldiers in their lands – before the crusaders’ resolve dissi- pates and they fall at the feet of the invading lions, appealing for amnesty and begging to pay jizyah. 
A man of strong character, a natural leader, Khālid was guided while in prison after having a vivid, life-changing dream. He saw that he was alongside the Prophet g fighting the disbe- lievers. Narrating his dream, he said, “It was a vision. After hearing the last verse of al-Fath recited in a loud voice, I saw the Prophet g on a horse in battle, a distance away. The vi- sion took me beyond the battlefield. I saw myself as an archer shooting arrows at the enemy. I would shoot, take cover, then shoot again.” He narrated other details of the dream and said, “I then woke up, back in my prison cell.” 
All preparations for the raids in Paris and Brussels started with him and his older brother Ibrāhīm. These two brothers gath- ered the weapons and the explosives. After the blessed raid in Paris, he saw another dream, which motivated him to carry out an istishhādī operation. He narrated, “The second dream was three months ago. It was a vision that took place from fajr until dhuhr. I arose to a high place, as if I was in space, surrounded by stars; but the sky was like the blue of night.” He then heard a voice in the dream telling him that he was created only to worship Allah and ordering him to fight for His cause and make His word supreme. He then woke up. 
Abū Walīd then narrated a third dream: “I had a vision that also took place from fajr until dhuhr, but ended at night. I saw myself on a boat along with Abū Sulaymān and another brother. Each of us had a Turk- ish soldier as a hostage. I had a pistol and Abū Sulaymān had a belt. I told him to give me his belt, as I would feel better having it. So he gave me the belt and I gave him my pistol. I then quickly advanced with the Turkish hostage in order to close in on other soldiers, two of whom were in front of us. I detonated my belt, killing the soldiers. My head then descended to the ground. One of the brothers working on the operation and Shaykh al-‘Adnānī took my head and said, ‘Check to see if he is smiling or not.’ I then saw my soul and those of the three soldiers. All of a sudden, the soldiers’ souls burned and vanished and, suddenly, the banner of Islam – represented in the dream by the flag of the Islamic State – came out of the earth and was shining brightly. My soul then became full of light.” He then heard a voice in the dream telling him that he had achieved deliverance. Abū Walīd contin- ued, “I prostrated quickly and repeatedly pronounced the takbīr. I then awoke to find my heart beating fast, and I was taking quick breaths.” 
He was a unique man, possessing excellent manners, always in the service of his brothers, and very intelligent. His hijrah began in “2013,” when he heard the cry of Muslims in Shām. He joined Majlis Shūrā al-Mujāhidīn led by Abul-Athīr al- ‘Absī (may Allah accept him) and, when the traitor al-Jawlānī betrayed the Islamic State, he was one of the first, along with the rest of his group, to pledge allegiance to Amīrul-Mu’minīn Abū Bakr al-Baghdādī. 
Before returning to France, Abū ‘Abdil-‘Azīz participated in several raids against the Nusayrī regime. The most prominent of these battles were those of Kuwayris Airbase and the 17th Division. During his campaigning, he suffered an injury to his leg while fighting the sahwāt in Dimashq. He also took part in the conquest of ar-Ramādī, where a bullet struck his head. He was a man full of wisdom, the commander of a group of inghimāsī troops. Liked by all of the brothers, he was known for his fasting, his praying throughout the night, and his constant reading of the Qur’ān. When he heard that Abū Idrīs wanted to return to Europe to execute an istishhādī op- eration, he immediately decided to accompany him and assist him in his mission. 
not exclusively mean to go from calling oneself a Muslim to calling oneself a Jew, Christian, Hindu, Buddhist or otherwise. In reality, there are only two religions. There is the religion of Allah, which is Islam, and then the religion of anything else, which is kufr. Allah c said, {Verily, the religion according to Allah is Islam} [Āl ‘Imrān: 19], and He said, {And whoever seeks other than Islam as a religion, it will never be accepted of him, and he will be among the losers in the end} [Āl ‘Imrān: 85]. So whatever is not Islam is not the religion according to Allah and it will never be accepted. Rather, it is the religion of losers in the end, which is kufr, as Allah said about the kāfirīn, {In the end, they are the losers} [An-Nahl: 109]. Therefore, anyone who falls into kufr has left Islam, even if he claims to be a Muslim. Ibn Hazm said, “There is no religion except Islam or kufr; whoever leaves one of them inevitably enters the other, as there is nothing in between them” [Al-Fisal]. 
The person who calls himself a “Muslim” but unapologetically commits blatant kufr is not a munāfiq (hypocrite), as some mis- takenly claim. Rather, he is a murtadd (apostate). The difference between nifāq (hypocrisy) and riddah is that a munāfiq conceals his kufr and openly manifests Islam, quickly apologizing if ever his cover is blown. The murtadd, on the other hand, openly commits his kufr after ascribing to Islam. 
that he is killed, unless he repents before he is ap- prehended. Allah’s Messenger g sent Mu’ādh Ibn Ja- bal h to Yemen to assist Abū Mūsā al-Ash’arī h with ruling the people according to the Sharī’ah. When he arrived at the court assembly, he found there a man bound in chains. He asked Abū Mūsā, “Who is this?” He replied, “He was a Jew who accepted Islam and then became a Jew again. Sit.” Mu’ādh said, “I will not sit until he is killed. Such is the judgment of Allah and His Messenger! Such is the judgment of Allah and His Messenger! Such is the judgment of Allah and His Messenger!” So Abū Mūsā gave the order and he was killed [Reported by al-Bukhārī and Muslim]. His re- peated statement, that “such is the judgment of Allah and His Messenger,” is a clear evidence that the ruling of one who leaves Islam after he is apprehended is that he is killed. 
As for repenting before being caught, then Allah said, {Say, “O My slaves, those who have transgressed against themselves, do not despair of the mercy of Allah. Verily, Allah forgives all sins. Verily, He is the Forgiving, the Merciful. And repent to your Lord and surrender to Him before the punishment reaches you; then you will not be helped”} [Az-Zumar: 53-54]. Likewise, and specifically about the apostate, Allah 
said, {How would Allah guide a people who disbe- lieved after they believed, having testified that the Messenger is true, and clear evidences reached them, and Allah does not guide tyrannical people. Those, their reward is that the curse of Allah, the angels, and all of mankind is upon them, abiding therein forever. The torment does not lessen for them, nor are they given respite, except those who repent thereafter and correct themselves, for verily Allah is Forgiving, Mer- ciful} [Āl ‘Imrān: 87-89]. It should then be no sur- prise that Amīrul-Mu’minīn Abū Bakr al-Baghdādī (hafidhahullāh) declared that any of the apostates from the sahwāt or otherwise who repent to Allah and surrender themselves to the Islamic State will be guar- anteed amnesty, even if they had killed a million mu- jāhidīn. But those who are caught before they repent, then there is no amnesty for them and theirs shall be a painful – and fatal – punishment. 
not a people of agriculture,” complaining of an illness they contracted in al-Madīnah. So Allah’s Messenger g ordered for them camels and a herdsman, and he ordered them to leave the city limits to drink the cam- els’ milk and urine (for its medicinal properties). They set out, but when they came to the edge of the volca- nic rock field, they apostatized after having declared their Islam, killed the Prophet’s herdsman, and rode off with the camels. The news reached the Prophet g, so he sent trackers to find them. After they were found, he ordered that their eyes be gouged out with iron nails, their hands and feet be cut off, and they be left atop the volcanic rock field begging for water, which they would not be given, until they died in that condition [Reported by al-Bukhārī and Muslim from Anas Ibn Mālik]. 
Another case in that blessed time was that of Ibn Khatal. When Allah’s Messenger g entered Mak- kah during its conquest, a man came to him and informed him that Ibn Khatal was clinging to the drapery covering the Ka’bah (a gesture symbolizing his seeking amnesty from the Muslims by appeal- ing to their reverence of the Haram), so he g said, “Kill him” [Reported by al-Bukhārī and Muslim from Anas Ibn Mālik]. Regarding the conquest of Makkah, Ibn Hazm wrote, “The Prophet g gave security to the people (of Makkah) except for ‘Abdul-‘Uzzā Ibn Khatal, ‘Abdullāh Ibn Sa’d Ibn Abī Sarh, [and some others]. As for Ibn Khatal – and he is from the clan of Taym al-Adram Ibn Ghālib (of Quraysh); he de- clared his Islam and was sent by the Prophet g with another man to collect zakāh; he killed the man and committed riddah, rejoining the mushrikīn – then he was found on the Day of al-Fath clinging to the drapery covering the Ka’bah, so Sa’īd Ibn Hurayth al- Makhzūmī and Abū Barzah al-Aslamī killed him [by order of the Prophet g]. As for ‘Abdullāh Ibn Sa’d Ibn Abī Sarh [al-Qurashī], then he was previously a scribe for Allah’s Messenger g [after having accepted Islam], but later fled back to Makkah and went into hiding [having apostatized]. ‘Uthmān Ibn ‘Affān, who was his brother through nursing, brought him to the Messenger of Allah g and sought security for him. He g remained quiet for some time, then gave him security and accepted his bay’ah. When he left, Allah’s Messenger said to his companions, ‘Could one of you not have stood and struck his neck’ [i.e. during the moment of silence]? So one of the Ansār said, ‘Why did you not signal (with your eyes) for one of us to do so?’ He replied, ‘It is not for a prophet to deceive with 
So here you have Ibn Khatal who, though he sought protection in the most sanctified place on earth, was given no respite for his crime of apostasy. Likewise, the case of Ibn Abī Sarh shows that the Prophet g wanted him to be executed, as he remained silent hop- ing one of his companions would strike his neck; and he only gave him respite when none of them did so. There are other examples of Allah’s Messenger g kill- ing apostates, like Miqyas Ibn Subābah, so this ruling is clearly established in the Sunnah. 
After the passing of the Prophet g, Arabs from various tribes fell into apostasy. The central issue was not that they returned to worshiping idols, nor that they stopped praying. In fact, most of them kept call- ing themselves “Muslims” and upheld most aspects of the Sharī’ah. However, they resisted with force a single part of Islam, namely the pillar of paying zakāh. Thus, they believed in part of the Book and disbelieved in another part. Allah said, {So do you believe in part of the Book and disbelieve in part? What then is the reward for those of you who do that except disgrace in this life, and on the Day of Resurrection they will be returned to the severest of punishment. And Allah is not unaware of what you do} [Al-Baqarah: 85]. When these Arabs vowed to not pay zakāh, the khalīfah of Allah’s Messenger, Abū Bakr as-Siddīq h vowed to fight them. Abū Hurayrah h narrated, “When Al- lah’s Messenger g passed away, Abū Bakr was made his khalīfah and some of the Arabs committed kufr. ‘Umar said to Abū Bakr, ‘How will you fight the peo- ple after Allah’s Messenger g said, ‘I have been com- manded to fight the people until they say, ‘Lā ilāha il- lallāh;’ and whoever says, ‘Lā ilāha illallāh,’ has guarded his wealth and life from me, except by due right, and his account is up to Allah.’’ Abū Bakr replied, ‘By Al- lah, I will fight whoever differentiates between prayer and zakāh, as zakāh is the right of wealth. By Allah, if they keep an ‘anāq [a female goat not yet one year old] from me which they used to pay to Allah’s Messenger g, I will fight them over it.’ ‘Umar said, ‘By Allah, I saw that Allah had prepared Abū Bakr’s heart for war, so I knew it was the truth’” [Reported by al-Bukhārī and Muslim]. Other groups of apostates among the Arabs, while still claiming to accept the prophethood of Allah’s Messenger g, alleged the existence of other prophets after him, like Musaylimah, Sajāh, and Tu- layhah; so despite calling themselves “Muslims” and accepting most of the revelation from Allah to His Messenger, their blood became halāl and killing them 
became wājib. Thus, the Hurūb ar-Riddah (Wars of Apostasy) were fought and were even given prece- dence over fighting the mushrikīn of Rome and Per- sia. It is also known that the kufr of apostasy is worse, by consensus, than original kufr. As such, fighting the apostates takes priority over fighting the original kāfir. Others of the Rightly-Guided Khulafā’ were no less severe with murtaddīn. ‘Ikrimah narrated that ‘Alī Ibn Abī Tālib h burned (to death) some men who apostatized from Islam, which reached Ibn ‘Abbās k, who said, “If it were me, I would have killed them due to the saying of Allah’s Messenger g, ‘Whoever changes his religion, then kill him,’ but I would not burn them, due to the saying of Allah’s Messenger g, ‘Do not punish with Allah’s punishment.’”1 [Reported by al-Bukhārī]. It is also reported that al-Mustawrid Ibn Qabīsah left Islam, became a Christian, and was brought to ‘Alī Ibn Abī Tālib, who said to him, “What is this I was told about you?” He said, “What is it you were told about me?” ‘Alī replied, “I was told that you became a Christian.” Al-Mustawrid said, “I am upon the religion of al-Masīh,” to which ‘Alī said, “And I am 
The death penalty for apostates did not end with the khulafā’ from the Sahābah. Consider al-Husayn Ibn Mansūr, famously known as al-Hallāj, who ad- opted extreme deviations that led him to proclaim his own divinity. In 309AH, the ‘Abbāsī Khalīfah al-Muqtadir ordered him arrested, imprisoned, beat- en, tortured, dismembered, and beheaded. His body was burned to ash, which was then cast into the river Dijlah, and his head was posted on Baghdad Bridge for all to see. 
In 406AH, the Ash’arī teacher Ibn Fūrak met his end for declaring that the Messenger of Allah g ceased being a messenger at his death, and that his soul became void and vanished; thus negating half of the shahādah. Likely to avoid public outcry by the in- creasingly ignorant masses who did not understand the depth of Ibn Fūrak’s deviance, the emir Mahmūd Ibn Subuktikīn poisoned him to death as he jour- neyed from Ghaznah back to his home in Naysābūr. 
After the fall of the Khilāfah hundreds of years ago, the Sharī’ah was no longer applied in its com- pleteness. Aspects of kufr crept into Muslim lands by way of Sūfī and Rāfidī infiltration. Grave-worship became widespread and the authority of Allah was challenged by Turkish, Persian, and even Arab kings. People like the Sūfīs Ibn ‘Arabī, who pantheistically claimed that Allah is everything and that everything is Allah, and Ibn Sab’īn, who criticized Allah’s Mes- senger g for saying, “There is no prophet after me” [Reported by al-Bukhārī and Muslim from Abū Hu- rayrah], were left untouched by the rulers of Muslim lands, while genuine scholars of Islam – like Ibn Tay- miyyah and Ibn al-Burhān2 – were imprisoned for defending the religion. Even later, those who called for a full return to Islamic rule and a pure creed were labeled “Khawārij” and fought by so-called “Muslim” leaders. The penalty for apostasy was thus left unap- plied in many cases, until the revival of the Khilāfah by the grace of Allah, then through the efforts of the Islamic State. 
Allah as their only ally and protector, the Mus- lim Ummah achieved feats of which no other nation could have ever dreamed. By the time of the death of Allah’s Messenger g, the tribes of Arabia were almost completely united with all traces of idolatry in the region virtually erased, a phenomenon unknown to historians before that time. Within decades, the im- poverished and malnourished few thousand herders, date palm farmers, and trading travelers – the greatest, most knowledgeable, and most pious generations of the Ummah – plowed through the Roman and Per- sian empires to become literal masters of lands and people from the Iberian Peninsula to the Himalayas. The driving force was not wealth; nor the establish- ment of personal or tribal power; it had nothing to do 
While the Crusaders have been the most apparent adversary of the Muslims for the past thousand years, one must never forget the original enemy of Islam and its nation. Shaytān, through his cunning and experi- ence with kufr, has always tried to infiltrate the Um- mah. By his whispers and insinuations, he backed the Murji’ah, the Qadariyyah, the Rāfidah, and the Sūfi- yyah. Recall that it was Iblīs who, even after his fall, accepted that Allah is his Creator, his Lord, the One who extends life and postpones death, even believing in the Day of Resurrection, and in the might of Al- lah and the obligation of sincerely worshiping Him Alone; and he never called himself a Jew or a Chris- tian. Allah described Iblīs as saying, {“You created me from fire and You created him from clay”} [Al-A’rāf: 12], and, {He said, “My Lord! Then give me respite until the day they are resurrected”} [Sād: 79], and, {He said, “Then by Your Might, I shall tempt them all, except Your sincere worshipers among them”} [Sād: 
This past century saw a surge in migrations from historically Mus- lim-majority lands to mushrik-major- ity countries, especially in the West. Instead of seeking Allah’s pleasure by waging defensive jihād in their own lands against the nearer apostate ene- mies, the immigrants sought comfort in this worldly life by residing peacefully in the lands of Islam’s oldest enemies. As a result of their negli- gence towards their obligations and their exposure to Western kufr, their identity was altered. Their children learned the values and beliefs of their new homelands. The kufr of liberalism and democracy was instilled and a new breed of “scholars” was born, becoming a major part of the West’s very own imāms of kufr. 
Feeding off the centuries-old divisions of the Um- mah, these venomous imāms have maintained their disunity over Islam while uniting upon Western inter- ests. They are found spouting Sūfī and “Salafī” slogans, calling to their madhāhib and “‘ulamā’,” yet reinter- preting anything the scholars that even they recognize said about the concepts of tawhīd, jihād, walā’, and barā’ to make them compatible with Western ideolo- gy. Though their kufr was apparent to those who rec- ognized it years ago, they became even more ardent and blatant defenders of the crusaders after the Khilā- fah was reestablished, uniting with their cross-bearing allies in the global war against the Islamic State, the only true bastion of Sharī’ah rule on earth. 
Of the Sūfī so-called “mainstream,” and perhaps the pinnacle of apostasy in Americanist Islam, is Ham- za Yusuf. Using his credentials as a veteran “student of knowledge” who traveled throughout West Africa and the Middle East, studying under various Sūfī-taqlīdī teachers, he has established himself a following, filling heads with opinions based on half-truths and false in- terpretations and using semantic oratory more akin to sorcery through wordy “eloquence” than actual tradi- 
its protection of “freedoms,” Hamza Yusuf recently said, “I believe in American exceptionalism,” which is basically the concept that the US is a superior na- tion and should lead the world by its example. It is not surprising then that he was invited to the White House after the September 11th attacks, becoming an advisor to Bush on the war against Muslims, thus becoming a crusader himself. Allah c said, {O you who believe! Do not take the Jews and the Christians as awliyā’; they are awliyā’ to one another. And who- ever of you takes them as awliyā’, then he is of them} [Al-Mā’idah: 51]. At-Tabarī commented on this āyah, saying, “It means that whoever allies with the Jews and the Christians instead of the believers, then he is one of them. So whoever allies with them and sup- 
On perhaps the other end of the “Sūfī main- stream” spectrum, there is the joke of al-Azhar, Suhaib Webb – also called “Imām Will” – who has spent his career making a name for and a fool of himself as the all-American imām. Adopting a Southern inner-city sprinkled with accent thug life vocabulary and the latest pop culture ref- erences when addressing young crowds, he is quick to switch to an ordinary voice when speaking to CNN and other media outlets. A clown in most senses of the word, he has surprisingly gathered a following and is seen by many crusader support- ers as an important tool for taming Muslim youth in the West. 
Responding to the tāghūt Barack Obama wishing Muslims a bless- ed Ramadān, Suhaib Webb tweeted, “Obama makes me proud. Thank you, Mr. President.” Does this “imām” tru- ly feel honored through his kāfir leader? Does he not know that Allah said, {Inform the hypocrites that theirs is a painful torment; those who take the disbelievers as allies instead of the believers. Do they seek honor with them? For verily all honor belongs to Allah} [An-Nisā’: 138-139]? Knowing this and that he admires the secularist US Constitution and does not oppose sodomite marriage, it should be easy to grasp that he is nothing but another murtadd imām of kufr. The Syrian Sūfī and ally to the United Kingdom, Muhammad al-Yaqoubi, said in an interview, “No Is- lamic government is in a state of war with the UK; they all have diplomatic relations,” considering the UN-member states whose murtadd regimes claim to be “Islamic,” even though they are wrought with laws based on kufr and support the crusaders against the Muslims. He continued, “Therefore, any attack 
On the “Salafī” side, and no less dangerous, there are also a number of callers to the gates of Jahannam. Not very different from their Sūfī counterparts, these evil scholars take and twist the statements of the early ‘ulamā’ – let alone āyāt and ahādīth – to fit their apos- tatical version of the religion. Often quoting Ibn Tay- miyyah, Ibn Qayyim al-Jawziyyah, and even – though lately less often – Muhammad Ibn ‘Abdil-Wahhāb, they hypocritically project themselves as firm follow- ers upon the way of the Salaf. 
In reference to those apostates who support dis- believers against Muslims, Ibn Taymiyyah said, “The Muslim who made apostasy regarding only a few rules of the religion is worse than a kāfir who has yet to even embrace those rules. It is like those who refused to pay zakāh and others whom as-Siddīq fought. It makes no difference whether such a person is a student of fiqh, an adherent of Sufism, a businessman, a scribe, or otherwise. All of them would still be worse than the Turkic tribes3 who have yet to enter the religion and continue to attack Islam. Actually, Muslims find more harm from the [apostate] people than from those 
against UK citizens or interests would be deemed as un-Islamic and illegal in the Shari’a,” so any attack against the interests of the tāghūt government – and what interest of theirs is greater than spreading their kufr – is un-Islamic and illegal according to al-Yaqou- bi. He prefaced these statements by saying, “Animos- ity against a state cannot be declared by individuals or groups.” Animosity, which basically means enmity (‘adāwah) and hatred (baghdā’), is the foundation of a Muslim’s policy with all disbelievers. Allah said, {In- deed you have a good example in Ibrāhīm and those with him, when they said to their people, “Verily we are innocent of you and what you worship other than Allah. We reject you and there has come between us and you enmity and hatred forever, until you believe in Allah alone”} [Al-Mumtahanah: 4]. Ibrāhīm and those with him, i.e. an individual and his group, de- clared their hatred and enmity, i.e. their animosity, to their people, which consisted of the governing elders of their community, i.e. a state. That is a good exam- ple for Muslims, not the deceptions of al-Yaqoubi. 
Other Sūfī leaders in the West are no different, if not worse in some respects; like Hisham Kabbani, the founder of the Naqshbandi-Haqqani Sufi Order of America, who carries the teachings of his dead master Nazim al-Haqqani, an extreme Jahmī Mur- ji’ī, meaning he has no actual recognition of kufr or of making barā’ from the kuffār. Instead, he and his minions are quick to ally with any tāghūt who will allow them to spread their message and take the wealth of ignorant people to pay off their extravagance. He wrote a 20-odd page “fatwā” about the meaning of jihād, which was translated into Arabic and distributed by US troops to civilians in Iraq in order to sway them from fighting for the cause of Allah. The likes of Kab- bani are clearly described by Allah in His saying, {O you who believe! Verily many of the scribes and ascetics do consume the wealth of the people for falsehood, avert- ing from the cause of Al- 
Ibn al-Qayyim said, “Allah has ruled – and nothing is better than His rule – that whoever takes the Jews and the Christians as awliyā’, then he is one of them. {And whoever of you takes them as awliyā’, then he is of them} [Al- Mā’idah: 51]. So if they are their awliyā’ according to the text of the Qur’ān, then they have the same general ruling. The only difference is that whoever takes them as awliyā’ and enters their religion after adhering to Islam, then he is not left alone and the jizyah is not accepted from him. Rather, he must choose between Islam and the sword, as he is a murtadd textually and by consensus” [Ahkām Ahlidh-Dhimmah]. 
Patriotic, Shariah Practicing American.” Like other writings and speeches, Yasir emphasizes his love for the United States and his disavowal of anything and anyone who is against American ideals. He says, “The Constitution of my homeland – the United States of America – mandates the separation of church and state. My fellow American Muslims and I understand, appreciate and fully support that mandate.” He clos- es, pleading to US lawmakers, asking, “that we be al- lowed to live under the laws of the land.” Allah c said, {Is it the law of jāhiliyyah they want? And who is better than Allah in judgment for a people of certain- ty?} [Al-Mā’idah: 50]. 
His Saudi-ally friend and colleague, Waleed Basyouni, has declared traveling to Syria to fight for the cause of Allah as impermissible, thus making harām what Allah deemed wājib (obligatory). Jamai- can ally to Canada, Bilal Philips, has – like the rest of the apostates mentioned herein – twisted and altered the meanings of the clear āyāt and ahādīth to call Mus- lims away from jihād, claiming any group that fights against the tawāghīt and crusaders to be “Khawārij.” He insists instead that Muslims use already in-place tāghūt government institutions to seek “Islamic” change. Another Canadian, Abdullah Hakim Quick has defended his nation and expressed his remorse for the Canadian soldiers killed by Muslims. 
Australia’s Tawfique Chowdhury is a prime ex- ample of the new “Salafī”-crusader trend. In late 1429AH, he delivered a speech entitled, “Muslim Scholars: West’s Natural Allies in Fighting Scourge of Terrorism.” Aside from the blatant reference to taking the West (i.e. the crusaders) as allies against terrorists (i.e. Muslims), Tawfique proudly admitted that the speech was delivered to no other than a gathering of Britain’s “top anti-terrorism chiefs and prevention of extremism experts.” Allah said, {Believers must not take disbelievers as allies against believers, and who- ever does that has nothing at all to do with Allah} [Āl ‘Imrān: 28]. At-Tabarī explained that this means, “He is innocent of Allah and Allah is innocent of him, due to his apostasy and entering into kufr.” 
the bughāt4 are nowhere to be found. What then of someone who allies with the kuffār to attack the only true Muslim government on earth? It is established that the one who supports a murderer to kill his vic- tim is held equally responsible for the crime. It is like Ibn Taymiyyah said, “If the Salaf would call those who refused to pay zakāh apostates, while they fasted and prayed and did not fight against the Muslim body, then how about one who joins the enemies of Allah and His Messenger in killing the Muslims?!” [Majmū’ al-Fatāwā]. 
Then there are the claimants to the “Salafī-Jihādī” methodology, among whom is London-based Abū Basīr at-Tartūsī. At the Islamic State announcement of expansion to Shām, and the subsequent betrayal of Jawlānī, an insight on the actual methodology of Abū Basīr became clear. In response to the announcement, one of his major complaints of its consequences was that after all the sacrifice the Syrians made in their very own “revolution,” an Iraqi would lead the Syri- an people. Other than his nationalism and ignoring the rule of the Iraqi ‘Abbāsī Khilāfah for centuries in Shām, he had also made a call to stop fighting the murtaddīn in Yemen to preserve the nationalist revo- lution, and called on mujāhidīn in Libya to hand over their arms to the new tāghūt government which he considered legitimate. He even supported voting in the shirkī presidential elections of Egypt! 
Lastly, one must not overlook the overt crusaders, those who don’t even wear the cloak of da’wah, but instead directly involve themselves in politics and en- forcing the laws of kufr, like (in the US) Mohamed Elibiary, Arif Alikhan, Rashad Hussain, Keith Ellison, Huma Abedin, etc. and (in the UK) Muhammad Abdul Bari, Sayeeda Warsi, Waqar Azmi, Sajid Javid, Ajmal Masroor, and other politically active apostates. 
How, knowing that the apostates have joined the party of Shaytān, fighting – even if by their words – for the cause of tāghūt? This does not harm the party of Allah in any way; in fact, the sunnah of Allah is that through this apostasy, He shall bring forth men whom He loves and who love Him to fight for His cause. He said, {O you who believe! Whoever of you apostatiz- es from his religion, then Allah shall bring forth men whom He loves and who love Him, humble to the be- lievers, mighty against the disbelievers, waging jihād for the cause of Allah and not fearing the blame of any blamer} [Al-Mā’idah: 54]. And just as Allah said, {O, verily the party of Shaytān, they are the losers} [Al-Mujādilah: 19], He also said, {O, verily the party of Allah, they are the winners} [Al-Mujādilah: 22]. 
The two camps have continuously become more distinct. Those who support the word of kufr on one side and the supporters of Allah’s word on the other. In this clouded time, each Muslim must be careful and be sure to be in the right camp. It is truly a grace from Allah upon this ummah that He gave us clear guidance as to where we can find the camp of truth. He said, {The believers are only those who believe in Allah and His Messenger and then they do not doubt, and they wage jihād with their wealth and their selves for the cause of Allah; these, they are the truthful} [Al-Hujurāt: 15]. And He ordered, {O you who be- lieve! Fear Allah and be with the truthful} [At-Taw- bah: 119]. 
So one must take his eyes off those who sit back from waging jihād for the cause of Allah, which means for the establishment of Allah’s rule on earth, and look to those who fulfill the words of Allah, {Those who, if we situate them firmly in the land, they establish the prayer, give the zakāh, command virtue, and forbid vice; and to Allah belongs the end of all affairs} [Al- Hajj: 41]. One must either take the journey to dār al-Islām, joining the ranks of the mujāhidīn therein, or wage jihād by himself with the resources available to him (knives, guns, explosives, etc.) to kill the cru- saders and other disbelievers and apostates, including the imāms of kufr, to make an example of them, as all of them are valid – rather, obligatory – targets ac- cording to the Sharī’ah, except for those who openly repent from kufr before they are apprehended. 
In this section of Sūrat an-Nisā’, after exposing the hypocrites and their desire to refer judgment to the tāghūt rather than to Allah’s Book and His Messenger, Allah c states that if He had commanded them to kill themselves as atonement for as- sociating partners with Allah in judg- ment – just as He had commanded the people of Mūsā (n) to kill one another as atonement for associating partners with Allah when they wor- shiped the calf – the hypocrites would not have done so except for a few of them. In his tafsīr of the statement of Allah {And if We had decreed upon them, “Kill yourselves” or “Leave your homes,” they would not have done it, except for a few of them}, Imām at-Tabarī  paraphrases the meaning, saying, “And if We had ob- ligated upon these ones who claim that they have believed in what has been revealed to you – those who re- fer judgment to the tāghūt – that they must kill themselves, and had ordered them to do that, or that they must leave their lands, emigrating there- from to another land, they would not have done so. He is saying: They would not have killed themselves by their hands nor would they have made hijrah from their lands, depart- 
1 This is in reference to the statement of Allah, {And [recall] when Mūsā said to his people, “O my people, indeed you have wronged yourselves by your taking of the calf [for worship]. So repent to your Creator and kill yourselves. That is best for [all of] you in the sight of your Creator.” Then He accepted your repen- tance; indeed, He is the Accepting of repentance, the Merciful} [Al-Baqarah: 54]. Ibn ‘Abbās k narrated that Mūsā n conveyed to his people Allah’s command that they must kill themselves, so those of them who had worshiped the calf sat down, and those who did not worship the calf took up daggers in their hands. An intense darkness then engulfed them and they began killing one another. The dark- ness then cleared away and they found that 70,000 had been killed. Every one of those who had been killed was forgiven, and every one of those who remained was forgiven [At-Tabarī]. 
At-Tabarī also reports that as-Sud- dī  – another prominent mufas- sir from among the Tābi’īn – said, “Thābit Ibn Qays Ibn Shammās h and a man from the Jews boasted [to one another]. The Jew said, ‘By Allah, indeed Allah decreed upon us saying, ‘Kill yourselves,’ so we killed ourselves!’ So Thābit said, ‘By Allah, if the statement ‘Kill yourselves’ were decreed upon us we would have killed ourselves!’” According to another athar mentioned by at-Tabarī, when such speech reached the Prophet g he said, “Indeed, from my Ummah are men with īmān planted more firm- ly in their hearts than the deep-rooted mountains.” 
The lessons contained in this āyah are monumental. The āyah contains a subtle comparison between shirk in judgment, which has become so wide- spread today among those who claim to follow the Prophet Muhammad g, and between shirk in rites, which became widespread among those who claimed to follow the Prophet Mūsā n when they suddenly took up the worship of the golden calf. Allah c is teaching the Muslims that referring judgment to the tawāghīt is no less se- vere in shirk than to worship an idol; thus, there is no difference between 
the pro-democracy “Islamist” parties who refer legislation to several dozen or several hundred elected officials (“legislators”) and between the pagan Hindus who direct worship to count- less idols. Yet, out of Allah’s mercy, He did not impose upon our Ummah such a difficult act of atonement for shirk as He did for Banī Isrā’īl, but instead only requires that those who fall into shirk abandon the act of shirk they committed and repent sincerely. Furthermore, by stating that only a few of the hypocrites would obey Him if He were to command them to kill themselves or to perform hijrah, Allah is exposing the nature of the hypocrites who merely pay lip service to the religion without actually hav- ing obedience to their Lord. As such, if they were to be faced with com- mands that entail a tremendous level of difficulty and sacrifice, they would make excuses for themselves rather than follow the clear revelation. This reinforces the point that the true slave of Allah is one who neither questions the wisdom in His commands nor hesitates to carry them out, regardless of how difficult they may appear. It’s important to note that many of those who claim to follow Allah and His Messenger find it difficult to perform deeds – whether hijrah or otherwise – purely out of obedience to Allah and His Messenger. They claim that they must know the wisdom related to the deed – and undoubtedly there is wisdom in all Allah’s decrees – but if they can’t see it, or if they believe that this wisdom no longer applies to the modern era or to their society, they neglect the deed, discourage and mock those who perform it, and even wage war against the Book of Allah and the Sunnah of His Messenger, all the while still claiming to be Muslims! Those who do this are of varying levels. There are those who are more blatant in this regard and have no shame in declaring that the Sharī’ah is “barbaric,” or is inapplicable in our times, and there are those who are more discreet, including many 
who reside in the lands of kufr, re- fuse to perform hijrah, and make all manner of excuses in order to avoid such a lofty obligation. This, however, is not surprising when one considers that the sacrifice and difficulty entailed in making hijrah is so great that Allah c mentioned it in the above āyah alongside the order to kill oneself! Even the Prophets p were not exempt from the difficulty involved in making hijrah, including the best of man- kind g, who made hijrah to a city whose population included some treacherous Jews and hypocrites and was surrounded by hostile Bedouin tribes after first leaving the protection of his own tribe and relatives, facing an assassination at- tempt, and seeking shelter in a cave for a number of days. Performing hijrah is often a serious test of one’s īmān and tawakkul, and as such, it requires a believer to prepare him- self by ensuring that he is ready to carry out the commands of Allah with nothing more than a simple order, even if he doesn’t under- stand the whole wisdom behind it. Allah c says, {But perhaps you hate a thing and it is good for you; and perhaps you love a thing and it is bad for you. And Allah Knows, while you know not} [Al-Baqarah: 216]. 
narration Also, one can take from the aforementioned of Thābit Ibn Qays that a believer must demonstrate confidence in his willingness to obey Allah and His Messenger in the most dif- ficult of circumstances and not second-guess himself, even when facing a hypothetical scenario. Doing so does not constitute taz- kiyat (self-promotion) when accompanied with a correct intention, such as for the purpose of displaying honor and strength in front of the kuffār, as was done by Thābit h in front of the Jew, or for the purpose of inciting one- self towards the obedience of Allah an-nafs 
and His Messenger, and this is of even greater significance, for in the aforementioned āyāt, Allah c says, {And whoever obeys Allah and the Messenger – those will be with the ones upon whom Allah has be- stowed favor} [An-Nisā’: 69], and in the āyāt preceding this, Allah c says, {And We did not send any messenger except to be obeyed by permission of Allah} [An-Nisā’: 64]. So the believer must be con- scious of his level of obedience to Allah and His Messenger, and in- cite himself in that regard. 
Concerning the words of Al- lah, {But if they had done what they were instructed, it would have been better for them and a firmer position [for them in faith]} [An- Nisā’: 66], at-Tabarī mentions that as-Suddī explained “a firmer po- sition” to mean “a stronger tasdīq (affirmation of the truth).” This is appropriate, for indeed one can affirm the truth of Islam with his words, but if this is not backed by lofty deeds such as hijrah then it is often merely lip service, as men- tioned earlier concerning the hyp- ocrites. As such, Allah is teaching us that by performing the deeds we’ve been instructed to do – par- ticularly the difficult ones that re- quire a greater level of obedience and sacrifice – the Muslim lends more strength to his claim that he is a believer. As a result, Allah c grants him two tremendous favors, as mentioned in the two subse- quent āyāt: {And then We would have given them from Us a great reward. And We would have guid- ed them to a straight path} [An- Nisā’: 67-68]. 
As the soldiers of the Khilā- fah continue waging war on the forces of kufr, we take a glimpse at a number of recent operations conducted by the mujāhidīn of the Islamic State that have succeeded in expan- ding the territory of the Khilā- fah, or terrorizing, massacring, and humiliating the enemies of Allah. These operations are me- rely a selection of the numerous operations that the Islamic State has conducted on various fronts across many regions over the course of the last several weeks. 
Egypt – On the 10th of Rabī’ al-Ākhir, Islamic State covert units blew up a house rigged with ex- plosives when it was stormed by a number of murtadd Egyptian po- licemen and their commanding of- ficers on al-Haram Street in Giza, killing 10 of them – including officers – and injuring 20 more, including Muhammad Amīn, the chief of the investigations division for al-Haram. Just 11 days later, two soldiers of the Khilāfah set out towards a security checkpoint belonging to the murtadd Egyp- tian police in the region of al- Munīb in Giza. They succeeded in eliminating five of the personnel 
wounded. Just 9 days later, our brother Abū ‘Abdir-Rahmān ash- Shāmī carried out an istishhādī operation with an explosive ve- hicle targeting the center of the Nusayrī officers base called the “Policemen’s Club,” which is loca- ted in Masākin Barzah in the city of Dimashq. He detonated his vehicle on them, killing approxi- mately 20 of them and wounding 40 others. Less than two weeks la- ter, two istishhādī operations were carried out on at-Tīn Street and al-Fātimiyyah Street in the area of as-Sayyidah Zaynab in Dimas- hq, which is considered a Rāfidī and Nusayrī stronghold. They succeeded in killing more than 90 and wounding approximately 160 more. May Allah accept our istishhādī brothers among the shuhadā’. 
clashes with various types of light and heavy weapons. They conti- nued cutting off the Nusayrī sup- ply route for several days, even as the regime repeatedly summoned convoys backed by Rāfidī militias and supported with heavy air co- ver from Russian warplanes. The soldiers of the Khilāfah killed and injured hundreds of murtaddīn and captured a number of tanks, antitank missiles, mortar can- nons, shilkas, light and medium weapons, and a supply of ammo as ghanīmah during the course of several days of fighting, in additi- on to capturing a number of other areas in the region. 
Wilāyat ar-Raqqah – On the 19th of Jumādā al-Ūlā, the sol- diers of the Khilāfah launched a wide scale attack on PKK loca- tions in the northern countryside of the city of ar-Raqqah as part of the campaign dubbed “Their As- sembly Will Be Defeated and They Will Turn Their Backs in Retreat.” The attack began with a number of inghimāsiyyīn stealthily advan- cing to the area of Sulūk and the city of Tall Abyad. Fierce clashes with the murtaddīn took place during the course of which crusa- der coalition warplanes launched several airstrikes on both areas, 
Wilāyat Hamāh – On the 14th of Jumādā al-Ūlā, the soldiers of the Khilāfah launched an extensi- ve attack from various directions on a number of locations and gathering points of the Nusayrī regime and its militias along its only supply route to the city of Halab and its countryside, which passes through the areas of Ath- riyā, Khanāsir, and as-Safīrah. The mujāhidīn captured 8 villages north of Khanāsir following fierce 
Bengal – On the 12th of Jumādā al-Ūlā, the soldiers of the Khilāfah succeeded in eli- minating the priest Jogeshwar Roy, founder and director of the Sant Gauri monastery for Hindu mushrikīn. One of his devotees was also wounded when the two of them were targeted with light weapons in the area of Panchag- arh in northern Bangladesh. This came just two weeks after another attack by the soldiers of the Khilā- fah in which they succeeded in killing a Hindu businessman na- med Tarun Datta. The mujāhidīn in Bengal then resumed their ter- rorism of the Rāfidī mushrikīn in the region. On the 4th of Jumādā al-Ūlā, they succeeded in elimina- ting the Rāfidī mushrik, Hāfidh ‘Abdur-Razzāq, who was one of the most prominent callers to the Rāfidī religion in South Bengal, 
destroying several homes. Two istishhādī operations were carri- ed out striking the murtaddīn in the village of al-Mabrūkah located on the road between Sulūk and Ra’s al-‘Ayn. Coinciding with the battles in Tall Abyad and Sulūk, the soldiers of the Khilāfah, by Allah’s grace, took control of the villages of Umm al-Barāmīl, al- Mas’ūdiyyah, Hammām at-Turk- mān, and al-Hamūd after the murtaddīn fled. Battles continue to take place, and we ask Allah for victory and consolidation. 
Wilāyat Baghdad – On the 19th of Jumādā al-Ūlā, the sol- diers of the Khilāfah conducted a wide scale assault on the district of Abū Ghurayb west of Baghdad. They succeeded in killing more than 50 Safawī soldiers and Rā- fidī Mobilization fighters, forcing the murtaddīn to withdraw from several locations. This coincided with two istishhādī operations that were carried out in the Rāfidī stronghold of Sadr City. The first 
was carried out by our brother Abū Qudāmah al-Ansārī, who detonated his explosive belt in the midst of the Rāfidī mushrikīn, killing and wounding dozens of them. Our brother Abū Dharr al-Ansārī then followed, detona- ting his explosive belt in order to finish off those who remained alive. The two operations resulted in the killing and wounding of approximately 100 Rāfidah. May Allah accept our brothers among the shuhadā’. 
Wilāyat Dayālā – On the 20th of Jumādā al-Ūlā, our istishhādī brother Abū Ayyūb al-Badrī suc- ceeded in reaching a group of Rāfidī Mobilization fighters in the Filistīn neighborhood in the middle of al-Miqdādiyyah whe- re he charged into their midst and detonated his explosive belt. The operation resulted in 60 Rā- fidī Mobilization fighters being killed and approximately 100 more being wounded, including some of their leaders. The most 
Wilāyat al-Furāt – On the 21st of Jumādā al-Ūlā, our inghimāsī brothers Abū Zahrā’ ash-Shāmī and Abū ‘Uthmān ash-Shāmī stealthily advanced towards and attacked a base belonging to the river police near the Hadīthah Dam. A number of Safawī army senior officers and commanders were present at the base whe- re fierce clashes took place with light weapons and hand grenades. Following the clashes, the two inghimāsiyyīn detonated their explosive belts in the midst of the murtaddīn, killing a number of the officers and commanders. Those killed included Brigadier General ‘Alī ‘Abbūd, chief of staff for al-Jazīrah operations, ‘Umar 
Belgium – On the 12th of Jumādā al-Ākhirah, an Islamic State security unit set out to target crusader Belgium, which continu- es to wage war against the Islamic State. Allah granted success to our brothers, casting terror and fear into the hearts of the crusaders in their very stronghold, with a number of the Khilāfah’s soldiers armed with explosive belts, explo- sive devices, and automatic we- apons targeting selected locations in the Belgian capital of Brussels. They entered into Brussels Air- port as well as a metro station and killed a number of crusaders before detonating their explosive devices in their midst. The attacks resulted in more than 40 killed and more than 250 wounded, walhamdulillāh. 
Wilāyat Hims - On the 7th of Jumādā al-Ākhirah, the soldiers of the Khilāfah succeeded, by Al- lah’s grace, in killing 5 Russian soldiers, 6 Nusayrī soldiers, and a number of Rāfidī Hizb al-Lāt fighters during the course of batt- les that took place near the city of Tadmur in which they attempted to advance on Islamic State posi- tions. The mujāhidīn confronted them and succeeded in destroying one of their tanks, and the mur- taddīn retreated in defeat. Mean- while, a Russian military advisor was killed in the area of ad-Daw- wah in addition to a number of militia fighters as they attempted 
mic State covert unit detonated two explosive devices in front of the police station in the city of ad-Dalam south of Riyadh, lea- ding to three police vehicles being burned. Just three days later, an Islamic State covert unit assassina- ted the murtadd, Kitāb Mājid al- Hammādī, a colonel in the public investigations division of the Inte- rior Ministry of Āl Salūl. He was assassinated in the area of ad-Da- wādimī west of Riyadh. 
Wilāyat Dimashq – On the 26th of Jumādā al-Ākhirah, the soldiers of the Khilāfah launched a wide scale assault on Nusay- rī points in East Qalamūn both east and northeast of the city of Dimashq. They succeeded in cap- turing the Battalion 559 base, the strategic Muthallath checkpoint, the Chinese factory, and the ce- ment factory. They also succeeded in killing a number of Nusay- rī soldiers and capturing a large quantity of ghanīmah which in- cluded a number of autocannons of varying calibers, tanks, Kornet and Konkurs missile launchers, and various types of ammo. 
in the eastern part of Dagestan, killing 10 Russian soldiers and injuring three more, in addition to destroying one of the vehicles and burning the other. The next day, an istishhādī soldier of the Khilāfah set out towards a check- point belonging to the murtadd Dagestani police in the village of Sirtych in the region of Dage- stan. He detonated his explosive belt on them, killing a number of them and injuring several more, in addition to destroying one of the checkpoint’s vehicles. 
Wilāyat Hamāh – On the 18th of Jumādā al-Ākhirah, the soldiers of the Khilāfah launched an assault on the Nusayrī army’s abandoned battalion base as well as a neighboring checkpoint loca- ted near the T4 military airbase. Fierce clashes took place, ending with the mujāhidīn’s capture of the battalion base and the check- point. They also killed nearly 23 Nusayrī soldiers and also took a Konkurs missile launcher and a number of Konkurs missiles as ghanīmah, in addition to an au- tocannon, and the mujāhidīn returned safely back to their loca- tions. 
Abū Sa’īd al-Khudrī h entered upon Rasūlullāh g while Rasūlullāh was ill with a sheet covering him. Abū Sa’īd placed his hand upon the sheet, felt the temperature through it, and remarked, “O Rasūlullāh, How seve- re your fever is!” He g responded, “We [the Prophets] are so. Afflictions are severe for us. And our reward is multiplied.” Abū Sa’īd then asked, “O Rasūlullāh, which people are most severely struck by affliction?” He responded, “The Prophets.” Abū Sa’īd asked, “Then who?” He responded, “The scholars.” Abū Sa’īd as- ked, “Then who?” He responded, “The righ- teous. Some of them would be afflicted with lice to the point it would kill them. Some of them would be afflicted with poverty to the point they would not find anything but cloaks to wear. And they would be happier when being struck by affliction than you would be when receiving gifts” [Reported by Ibn Mājah and al-Hākim]. 
spread, attempting to drown the entire Ummah in apostasy. Starting in an Egyptian city in “1928CE,” it quickly spread across Egypt into Shām, Iraq, and eventually much of the lands usurped by the murtadd tawāghīt. It then spread into the West – America, Europe, and Australia – and other countries throughout the world. Wherever there were communities of Muslims, it at- tempted to take hold of their affairs and instill within them a religion other than Islam, in the name of Islam. 
The deviance of this cancer surpassed even that of the most deviant and widespread historical sects including the Jahmiyyah, the Mu’tazilah, the Māturīdiyyah, and the Ash’ariyyah. And due to the deaths of scholars, the absence of khulafā’ for centuries, and the spread of Sufism, Kalām (heretical “theological rhetoric”), Ra’y (erroneous “fiqh” opinions contradicting hadīth), grave-worship, and modernism at the hands of the deviant Ottomans, as well as the crusader colonization of many Muslim lands, the cancer easily found a strong foothold in every land it reached. 
Its religion was a hodgepodge of deviance bequeathed by the Ottomans combined with the various tenets and rites of democracy, liberalism, pacifism, and socialism borrowed from the pagans of the West and the East. Its ultimate goal was to serve the short-term individual and partisan interests of its lead- ers and members. It would claim to be working for the implementation of Sharī’ah, the revival of khilāfah, and the fulfillment of jihād, while waging war against Islam and the Muslims! The cancer would ultimately cooperate with the tawāghīt and the crusaders in this regards in Afghanistan, Iraq, Algeria, the Philippines, Somalia, Yemen, Tunisia, Libya, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Indo- nesia, Malaysia, Egypt, and elsewhere. Its servitude to the crusaders reached the point of hosting Western intelligence agents in the “Islamic” centers of the West to partake in the war against jihād! 
Ibn Saba’, the sect has been at war with Islam, even cooperating several times with the pagans and the crusaders against the Muslims. It is a sect of grave-worship, takfīr of the best Muslims, and defamation of the Prophet g. Despite the apostasy of the Rāfidah, Hasan al-Bannā and his com- panions followed the footsteps of the two Freemason modernists Muhammad ‘Ab- duh and Jāmal ad-Dīn al-Afghānī (a Rā- fidī) who both pioneered the call to walā’ between the Muslims and the Rāfidah! 
our God is one. For this purpose, he hosted the noble shaykh Muhammad al-Qummī – one of the major scholars and lead- ers of the Shī’ah – at the main Ikhwān center” [Al-Mulham al-Mawhūb]. He also said, “During the forties, from what I recall, as-Sayyid al-Qummī – who is a follower of the Shī’ī madhhab – stayed as a guest of the Ikhwān at the main Ikhwān center. At the time, Hasan al-Bannā worked hard to bring the different denominations closer to each other, so that the enemies of Islam do not take the division amongst the de- nominations as an opening by which they can tear up Islamic unity. We asked him one day about the degree of difference between Ahlus-Sunnah and the Shī’ah, so he prohibited us from delving into such delicate matters that are inappropriate for the Muslims to busy themselves in, as the Muslims are… at the brink of a conflict the enemies of Islam want to ignite. We said to his nobleness, ‘We don’t ask out of bigotry nor to widen the gap between the Muslims. We ask to know, because what is between the Sunnah and the Shī’ah is mentioned in uncountable books and we don’t have the time to revisit these references.’ So he said, ‘Know that Ahlus-Sunnah and the Shī’ah are Muslims united by the word that there is no god but Allah and that Muhammad is Allah’s Messenger. This is the basis of creed. The Sunnah and the Shī’ah in this regards are equal and pure. As for the differences between them, then they are matters that continue to allow them to come closer together” [Dhikrāyāt lā Mudhakkirāt]. 
The party even released an official statement in support of the Khomeini state, saying, “The international organization of the Muslim Brotherhood called the heads of Islamic move- ments in Turkey, Pakistan, India, Indonesia, Afghanistan, Ma- laysia, and the Philippines, in addition to the local branches of the Muslim Brotherhood in the Arab world, Europe, and America, to a meeting that led to the formation of a dele- gation sent upon a private plane to Tehran. The delegation met Āyatullāh al-Khomeini to reaffirm the solidarity of the Islamic movement represented by the delegation, which were the Muslim Brotherhood, the Salvation Party of Turkey, Ja- maat-e-Islami Pakistan, Jamaat-e-Islami Hind, the Masyumi Party of Indonesia, Muslim Youth Movement of Malaysia, and al-Jamā’ah al-Islāmiyyah of the Philippines. The meeting was a scene manifesting at the proper time the greatness and power of Islam to dissolve…sectarian differences. Imām Kho- meini honored the delegation and made it clear to it that he was certain during his exile that his reserves were the reserves of the Islamic revolution worldwide, his reserves being every muwahhid Muslim who says there is no god but Allah. He said that the revolution was not only for Iran, but also for every Islamic state whose ruler transgresses against the Islam- ic religion and stands in the way of its dynamic movement and that Allah who blessed Khomeini with victory against the Shah would support every Khomeini against every Shah. The delegation also stressed from its side to Imām Khomeini that the Islamic movements would continue to uphold their pledge in serving the Islamic revolution in Iran and every- where with all their human, scholarly, and material ability. After the delegation prayed the ghā’ib funeral prayer for the [Rāfidī] shuhadā’, a number of meetings were held … The meetings focused on future coordination and cooperation … The delegation later made a call – during a touching television interview – to a day of solidarity with the Iranian revolution all over the Islamic world and wherever there are Islamic com- munities and gatherings outside it. On that day, after Jumu’ah prayer on 16 March 1979, the ghā’ib funeral prayer is to be prayed for the shuhadā’ of the Iranian revolution. We call all the activists in the Islamic field everywhere to remember that day, remind others of it, and make the ghā’ib funeral prayer a symbol of unity for the Islamic Ummah” [Al-Mujtama’]. 
leader Abū Khālid as-Sūrī – who said, “I will summarize what I have been guided to in the issue of creed and the issue of madh- hab in the following points … Those many sects including the Shī’ah…and other sects that say ‘there is no god but Allah’ but leave the creed of Ahlus-Sunnah are still from the Ummah of Islam and the People of the Qiblah. Takfīr is not to be generalized upon them. Their ascription to Islam and the Qiblah should not be negated except according to scales and limits defined by the scholars of Ahlus-Sunnah including the fulfillment of conditions and absence of impediments. This is the job of the expert scholars who have reached the degree of judging in creeds and faiths. This is not the job of individual Muslims including the ignorant and commoners amongst them. This is also not the job of those who have dedicated themselves to jihād and fighting off the invaders” [Da’wat al-Muqāwamah]. After falsely attributing his stance on the Rāfidah to the scholars of Ahlus-Sunnah2, he went on to claim it was also the stance of the so-called “majority of jihādists,” say- ing, “The Issue of the Shī’ah and Other Non-Sunnī Sects: The jihādists consider all these sects to be within the Islamic Ummah or part of the People of the Qiblah … The Ja’farī Imāmī Shī’ah: They are the majority of the Shī’ah in Iran. They are minorities in Lebanon, Pakistan, Afghanistan, and the Mideast … The majority of the jihādists consider them to be Muslims, from the People of the Qiblah, deviant, and mubta- di’ah” [Da’wat al-Muqāwamah]. 
2 To read on the takfīr of the Rāfidah, see Dābiq, is- sue 13, “The Rāfidah: From Ibn Saba’ to the Dajjāl.” Irjā’ in general as well as the exaggerated understan- ding of ignorance being an excuse has been refuted in several articles of Dābiq. See issue 8, “Irjā’ – The Most Dangerous Bid’ah,” issue 7, “Islam Is the Religion of the Sword,” issue 6, “The Qā’idah of adh-Dhawāhirī … And the Absent Yemeni Wisdom,” and issue 10, “The Law of Allah or the Laws of Men.” 
bond between the Ikhwān and the Rāfi- dah, the Ikhwān pio- neered the deviant call interfaith amongst to Muslims, Christians, and Jews, thereby de- stroying the obligation of barā’ah from the Jews and Christians after they destroyed the same obligation to- wards the murtaddīn. Allah c said, {You will not find a peo- ple who believe in Allah and the Last Day having affection for those who oppose Allah and His Messenger, even if they were their fathers or their sons or their brothers or their kindred} [Al-Mujādilah: 22]. 
In spite of this, Hasan al-Bannā said in front of a joint American-British committee holding a meeting in Egypt to study the Palestinian issue, “Our dispute with the Jews is not religious, because the Qur’ān encouraged us to be friendly with them. Islam is a human law before being an ethnic law. The Qur’ān praised the Jews…and when the Qur’ān dealt with the matter of the Jews, it approached it from an econom- ic and legal angle” [Al-Ikhwān al-Muslimūn Ahdāth Sana’at at-Tārīkh – Mahmūd ‘Abdul-‘Adhīm]. 
Al-Bannā also sent a letter to Jewish Egyptian rabbis, say- ing, “A message from the General Guide to the rabbis and heads of the Jewish denomination. Good greetings … I want- ed to take the opportunity to say that the national bond unit- ing all the Egyptian citizens despite their various faiths does not need governmental arrangements and police protection. But we are before a coherent international conspiracy of vig- lained in Dābiq, issue 6, “The Qā’idah of adh-Dhawāhirī…And the Absent Yemeni Wisdom.” 
ery Muslim who says ‘there is no god but Allah and Muhammad is His messenger’ – regardless of their schools and denomi- nations – to be within the general circle of Islam, which the scholars label ‘the People of the Qiblah.’ It considers the theological, doctrinal, and denominational differences to be something for the scholars to judge. The solution for these matters is truthful discussion and clarification via wisdom and good admonishment … The resistance cen- sures unrest and fighting amongst the Mus- lims. It calls all the Muslims of the Qiblah as schools, groups, and individuals to coop- erate in resisting the invaders and waging jihād against the kāfir enemy who invades the Muslims’ lands. It calls everyone to abandon the calls to internal partisanship, which only benefit in these circumstanc- es the kāfir enemy invading the Muslims’ lands” [Da’wat al-Muqāwamah].3 
orous parties. Zionism feeds this conspiracy to extract Pal- estine from the body of the Arab nation for whom Palestine is its throbbing heart. In front of this great surge of zealous emotions in Egypt and other lands of Arabism and Islam, we find it necessary to explain to you nobles and sons of the Jewish denomination from amongst our beloved citizens that the best defense is that you nobles and the figures from your denomination declare publically your material and moral par- ticipation with your fellow citizens from the sons of the Egyp- tian nation in their national resistance, a resistance which the Muslims and Christians have taken to save Palestine. Before it’s too late, you nobles should send this message to the Unit- ed Nations, the Jewish Agency, and to all the international and Zionist organizations and committees who are concerned with this affair. You should let them know that the Jewish citizens of Egypt will be on the frontlines of the resistance to save the Arabism of Palestine. O people of nobility, you would thereby completely fulfill your national obligation. You would also remove any doubt that the bigots imply about the stance of Jewish Egyptian citizens. You would also give com- fort to the whole nation and the Islamic peoples during the greatest hardship to face them in modern history. The nation and history will never forget this glorious stance. And please accept all my eminent respects. Hasan al-Bannā” [Fī Qāfilat al-Ikhwān al-Muslimīn – ‘Abbās as-Sīsī]. 
This is the lan- guage of the Ikhwān. The Christians are their brothers in kufr. They do not want to oppose any other religion. They want to treat all kuffār as equals with Muslims. They thus reject the obligation of jihād against the Jews and Christians. Allah c said, {Fight those who do not believe in Al- lah or in the Last Day and who do not con- sider harām what Allah and His Messenger have made harām and who do not adopt the religion of truth from those who were given the Book – fight until they give the jizyah willingly while they are humbled} [At-Tawbah: 29]. 
with parliament is what has most infamously defined the party in the last thirty years. However, this is not a new tradition of the party as its first “Gener- al Guide,” Hasan al-Bannā, nominated himself for the Egyptian parliament twice during the reign of the tāghūt Farouk I – in “1942” and “1944” – as documented by the Ikhwānī journalist Jābir Rizq in his book “Hasan al-Bannā bi Aqlām Talāmidhatihī wa Mu’āsirīh.” Al-Bannā also attempted to justify his participation and that of his followers in the parliamentary elections in an article titled “Why Did the Ikhwān Partake in the Parliamentary Elections?” in the official Ikhwānī journal. Since then, the 
The Ikhwān would deceptively “justify” such kufr under the pretense of commanding the good and forbidding the evil, as al-Bannā wrote an article in “1938CE” titled “The Destroy- ing of Bars Is an Incident Calling to Serious Reflection” in which he said, ‘Banning alcohol is from the rights of the imām … Accordingly, we see that Islam is a religion of organization. It made changing evil the right of the imām … The govern- ment in our times has the role of the imām. It is responsible to ban all evils. If it does not do so, it is obligatory upon the representatives of the people to make a motion of no confi- dence in the government. If the representatives do not fulfill their responsibility, it becomes obligatory upon the nation to not give them their trust and instead vote for other represen- tatives. If Muslim representatives gather under the parliament dome, it is possible to end all evils through the power of law and the authority of the system” [An-Nadhīr Magazine]. 
ty to people rather than Allah c. In it, the right to legislate is distributed amongst mankind so that they thereby determine what laws are fit to be ruled by in the lands. If the majority decide sodomy is legal, it is legalized even though it contradicts Allah’s Sharī’ah. And if the majority decide to ille- galize sodomy, it is made illegal, not because it is Allah’s legis- lation, but because supreme power is that of mankind, above and beyond the authority of Allah! How wicked a religion is one where all its members consider themselves “gods” besides Allah! Yet, the Ikhwān insist that this religion is theirs and propagate it in the name of Islam! {“Those whom you wor- ship besides Him are but names which you have named, you and your fathers, for which Allah has sent down no authority. Legislation is not but for Allah. He has commanded that you worship not except Him. That is the correct religion, but most of the people do not know”} [Yūsuf: 40]. 
The fourth “General Guide” Muhammad Hāmid Abun- Nasr was asked, “Some people accuse the Ikhwān of being the enemies of democracy and having enmity towards political pluralism. What is your response to this accusation?” He re- sponded, “Whoever says such does not know the Ikhwān. He just throws accusations ignorantly. We support all the com- plete and comprehensive meanings and dimensions of democ- racy. We are not against party pluralism. The people are the ones who have the right to judge all ideologies and individu- als” [Al-‘Ālam Magazine]. 
‘Abdul-Mun’im ‘Abdul-Futūh – member of the Executive Office of the Ikhwān – said, “We consider all these regimes that came about against the will of the people to be illegiti- mate regimes. We will not acknowledge their constitutional legitimacy until they come about through the ballot boxes of elections. We respect any regime that comes through electoral ballot boxes even if it does not raise Islamic slogans. We will continue to oppose every unconstitutional regime that was not represented by the will of the people or that came against the will of the people. We will continue to oppose it, but it 
The constitutions of the various apos- tate governments claiming to be Muslim are authorities of law competing with Al- lah’s Sharī’ah. Thus, they are tawāghīt that are to be despised, rejected, and fought. It is obligatory to pronounce takfīr upon those who rule by and support these con- stitutions. Yet, the leaders of the Ikhwān instead describe their deep respect for con- stitutional democratic rule! 
Al-Bannā said, “If the examiner looks at the basis of constitutional rule, he will see that overall it is the preserving of all forms of personal freedom, consultation, derivation of authority from the people, the liability of the rulers before the people, the holding of rulers to account for their deeds, and the defining of the power limits for each authoritative body. To the exam- iner, these principles all clearly agree with the teachings and system of Islam in the method of rule. For this reason, the Mus- lim Brotherhood believes that the consti- tutional system of rule is the system of rule established in the world closest to Islam. The Muslim Brotherhood does not prefer any other system to it” [Mabādi’ wa Usūl fī Mu’tamarāt Khāssah]. 
The top Ikhwānī leader ‘Isām al-‘Aryān said, “The Ikhwān consider constitutional rule to be the closest to the rule of Islam. They do not prefer any other system to it, especially as emphasized by the fifth con- ference statement by Hasan al-Bannā … Why do some people insist that Islamists are enemies of democracy? This is a false ac- cusation. We are the first callers to and im- plementers of democracy. We will defend 
it to the death” [Liwā’ al-Islām Magazine]. The Ikhwān did not only admire an ex- isting tāghūt constitution, but even penned their own for Egypt in “1952.” It was ap- proved of by the party’s “Foundational Commission” and included the following: • Article 11: Before the members of the legislative assembly assume their jobs, they must pledge publically in their as- sembly hall that they will be sincere to Allah, then the nation, obeying the laws of the constitution both in its letter and spirit. 
political parties within a democratic framework al- lowing all parties to publically express themselves regardless of their beliefs. All parties have the opportunity thereby to par- take in the rule of the land. If the majority of voters support a party – whether it promotes liberal secularism or Marxist atheism – it becomes the “legal” authority of the land. The Ummah has ijmā’ in that its leaders must be Muslims, as Allah c said, {O you who have believed, obey Allah and obey the Messenger and those in authority from amongst you} [An- Nisā’: 59]. Yet the Ikhwān do not have a problem with mur- taddīn or any other kāfir gaining authority over the Muslims. The fourth “General Guide” Muhammad Hāmid Abun- Nasr said, “We believe that Islamic rule must permit for polit- ical party pluralism because as the opinions increase the gains increase. We also believe that Islamic rule must grant the free- dom to form parties even for those orientations that you say oppose Islam such as communism and secularism. This makes it possible to face them with proof and clarification. This is better than the transformation of these political movements into secret societies. For this reason, we have no problem with the establishment of a communist party inside an Islamic state” [Al-‘Ālam Magazine]. 
The Ikhwān said in an official statement, “The leaders of the world and the people of reason therein have raised the slo- gan these days of pluralism and the necessity to acknowledge the differences of peoples’ opinions and methods in thought and deed. Islam…considers diversity to be a universal and hu- man reality. It bases its political, social, and cultural system upon this diversity and multiplicity … The Muslim Brother- hood emphasizes once again its adherence to this correct and upright Islamic view. They remind their followers that every one of them…must open up his heart and mind to all people … His hand should be stretched out to everyone with good, love, and truth, and that he should initiate peace with the whole world both in his words and deeds” [Bayān lin-Nās]. 
The Ikhwān said in an official statement, “The Issue of Human Rights: … We say to ourselves, our followers, and the world around us that we are at the forefront of the callers to respecting human rights, guaranteeing these rights to all people, and facilitating the paths to practice freedom within a framework of moral and legal codes. We do so believing that human freedom is the path to every good, renaissance, and innovation. Aggression against rights and freedoms under any slogan – even if it is in the name of Islam itself – debases the humanness of mankind and drags man to a status other than that in which Allah placed him and hinders him from using his powers and gifts … It is upon the rational minds and the believers everywhere to raise their voices in calling to equality so that all enjoy freedom and human rights. This equality is the true path to international and social peace and to a new world order that resists oppression, harm, and aggression” [Bayān lin-Nās]. 
each and every Muslim as numerous lands of the Muslims have been usurped by the kuffār and numerous parties of apostasy have arisen therein. Until all these lands are retaken, cleansed of apostates, and ruled by the Sharī’ah, the obligation does not drop. However, rather than calling the Muslims to jihād, the Ikhwān throughout their his- tory called to pacifism and even censured “terrorism,” whereas striking terror in the kuffār is a part of Islam, and whoever de- nies this, disbelieves. Allah c said, {And prepare against them whatever you are able of power and of steeds of war by which you may terrify the enemy of Allah and your enemy and others besides them whom you do not know [but] whom Allah knows} [Al-Anfāl: 60]. 
The Ikhwān however say, “The Third Issue: Political Activism, Rejection of Vi- olence, and Condemnation of Terrorism: The Muslim Brotherhood has declared doz- ens of times throughout the last years that they engage in the political domain while adhering to the legal means and peaceful methods alone. They are armed by the true, free statement and generous sacrifice in all the realms of social work … They be- lieve that the conscience of the nation and awareness of its sons are the ultimate just judge between the ideological and political movements that are competing nobly with each other in the shade of the constitution and law. For this reason, they repeat their declaration rejecting all means of violence and coercion and all forms of coups, all of which break the unity of the nation and might give its instigators the opportunity to skip over political and social realities, however, it will never give them the chance to settle with the will of the free masses of the nation. Such means also represent a 
frightening crack in the wall of political sta- bility and an unacceptable uprising against the true legitimacy of the society. If the at- mosphere of suppression and volatility that controls the nation has implicated a group of its sons in practicing terrorism, frighten- ing the innocent, and agitating the coun- try and its economic and political progress, then the Muslim Brotherhood announces without any hesitation and appeasement that it is innocent of all forms and roots of violence. It censures all forms and roots of terrorism. It announces that those who spill inviolable blood or partake in such are partners in and perpetrators of sin. They are requested with firmness and without delay to return to the truth … As for those who intentionally mix up the facts and wrongly accuse the Muslim Brotherhood of partaking in violence and being impli- cated in terrorism – under the claim that the Brotherhood insistently requests the government not to respond to violence with further violence and instead to adhere to the law and judicial system and com- prehend all the causes and circumstances behind violence in the government’s study and response to the phenomenon without relying only on security responses – then such claims against the Brotherhood are rejected by the very bright history of the Brotherhood throughout the long years in which the Brotherhood partook in repre- sentative councils and legislative elections. During those occasions in which it did not participate, it continued to adhere to the laws of the constitution and government, striving to make the free, true word its only weapon” [Bayān lin-Nās]. 
their strength could have caused a lot of hardship for the Allies. But the martyred imām Hasan al-Bannā gave his or- ders to the people and the regions in which the Ikhwān had presence telling them to remain calm, dedicate their time to da’wah, and focus all their efforts away from instigation, un- til the Allies became victorious. The position of this region – which was full of Ikhwān everywhere – was one of the reasons for the victory of the Allies, but they disregarded the martyred imām and the Ikhwān and rewarded the imām with treach- ery” [Dhikrāyāt lā Mudhakkirāt]. 
And after some of the Ikhwān decided to target some Egyptian agents of the British without approval from the top leadership, al-Bannā wrote an official declaration in which he said, “The goal of our da’wah when it initiated was to work for the good of the homeland, support the religion, and oppose all calls of atheism, immorality, and abandonment of the laws and virtues of Islam … If this is the case, then murder, ter- rorism, and violence are not from its means, because it takes Islam as its methodology, abiding by its limits … Pure Islam is the religion of comprehensive peace, complete security, pure spirituality, and the lofty example of humankind…” 
“Some events occurred that were attributed to some of those who had entered the jamā’ah without having absorbed its spirit. After these frightening events, another event took place, which was the assassination of the Prime Minister Mahmūd Fahmī an-Naqrāshī Pasha. The country was struck with sorrow due to his passing. It lost by his passing a star of its renaissance, a leader of its progress, a good role model of honesty, patriotism, and chastity. He was one of its best sons. We are no less saddened than others over his passing nor do we admire his jihād and character less than others do. This is because the nature of the Islamic da’wah opposes violence; rather it censures it, abhors murder regardless of its type, and resents its perpetrators. For this reason, we declare our inno- cence before Allah of the murders and their perpetrators.” 
Yet, Hasan al-Bannā would enumerate the “merits” of the Egyptian king before the Ikhwān, as al-Bannā explained in his autobiography. He would even order his followers to gather publically in numbers and greet the king upon any visit of the monarchy to the city, saying, “You must gather on the sidewalks and greet the king, so that the foreigners of the land know that we respect our king and love him, there- by their respect of us will grow” [Mud- hakkarāt ad-Da’wah]. The official Ikhwān journal would also call for appointing the king – a non-Qurashī secularist – to the 
of Egypt, to a righteous focus. That was to work to unite the word of the nation and close its ranks and direct its efforts and capacities altogether, not divided, to serve the good of the nation and its internal and foreign reforms. The government immediately began to execute the noble directives with sincer- ity, character, and honesty. All this makes it obligatory upon us to exert all our strength and spend our time in helping the government in executing and fulfilling its great responsibili- ties. It will not be able to do so correctly until it is certain that security and stability have been achieved for the regime. This is the obligation upon every citizen in normal times. How much more so is it in these delicate and crucial circumstances in which no one gains from the chaos of emotions, clash of ideas, and division of efforts except the enemies of the nation and its renaissance.” 
“For this reason, I call upon my brothers for the sake of Allah and the public good that each one of them helps in achieving this meaning, directing themselves to their work, and distancing themselves from every deed that opposes the stabilization of security and comprehensiveness of safety, so that they thereby fulfill the right of Allah and the right of the homeland. We ask Allah to protect his majesty the great king and to guide the steps of the country both its government and people under his reign to what entails good and success” [Al- Ikhwān al-Muslimūn Ahdāth Sana’at at- Tārīkh]. The tāghūt Farouk 
position of Khalīfah. And in general, the Ikhwānī journal would praise Fuad and Farouk despite them being murtadd pawns of the British. Article titles in the Ikhwānī journal included, “The Royal Farouk Is the Role Model for His Nation,” “Farouk: The Defender of the Qur’ān,” “Farouk Revives the Sunnah of the Rāshid Khulafā’,” “The King Calls, the Nation Answers – To the Majestic, Righteous King Farouk the First, From the Muslim Brotherhood,” “To His Majesty the Beloved King, May Allah Sup- port Him,” and “Farouk: The Righteous Role Model.” Some of these articles were written by al-Bannā himself. In “1937,” the Ikhwān celebrated the official appointment of Farouk as king of Egypt in their fourth general conference, gathering twenty thou- sand people at the celebration, and an- nouncing their pledge of allegiance to him. The Ikhwān would then order their follow- ers yearly to gather and manifest their loy- alty to the tāghūt on the anniversary of his assumption of the throne, his return from travel to other countries, and even his per- sonal birthday, as documented in the writ- ings of their own historians. 
offered everything that will solidify security in Egypt. I would not make any minor or major figure of them come to me. I would suffice with their calling me on the phone to go to the ministry, except on occasions of sickness or holidays, in which they would visit me and thank me. From Allah’s grace upon me was that I never went to a college that was agitat- ed for some reason except returning successfully. My efforts were thanked by the authorities in the Interior Ministry” [Dhikrāyāt lā Mudhakkirāt]. 
Allah c said, {O you who have believed, do not take the Jews and the Christians as awliyā’. They are awliyā’ of one another. And whoever takes them as awliyā’ among you – then indeed, he is [one] of them. Indeed, Allah guides not the wrongdoing people} [Al-Mā’idah: 51]. This is Allah’s rul- ing upon the Muslims who take the Jews and Christians as awliyā’. How much worse is the case of those who take the murtaddīn as awliyā’, as the kufr of riddah is more severe than that of the Jews and the Christians, according to the ijmā’ of the Salaf, as is manifest in the issue of jizyah, marriage, and other rulings. 
Jamāl Hishmat said, “The publishing of the book ‘Preachers, Not Judges’ was sufficient to negate the issue of takfīr, even if the issue was raised by Sayyid Qutb5. The methodology ad- hered to by the Ikhwān is that there is no takfīr. The twentieth principle of the twenty principles [penned by Hasan al-Ban- nā] is that it is not permissible for anyone to make takfīr of another due to sin6. This is clear. There were no attempts of assassinations driven by takfīr. There is no adoption of takfīr. Those of the Ikhwān that adopted takfīr abandoned the party. They were debated. Those who understood, became moder- ate, and returned from their evil, returned to the party. Those who did not return, were expelled from the party and were told by those who expelled them, ‘Look for another banner.’ This is a very clear matter” [Al-Jazīrah Interview]. 
The fourth “General Guide” Abun-Nasr said, “We offer our hand to all the activists who ascribe themselves to the Islamic movement in the realm of da’wah, except those who pronounce takfīr upon the ruler or any other human. This is because we are against takfīr in general” [An-Nūr Magazine]. The Ikhwān said in an official statement, “The Muslim Brotherhood sees all people as carriers of good, qualified to carry the trust and be upright upon the truth. The Muslim Brotherhood does not busy itself with takfīr of anyone … We, the Brotherhood, always say, we are callers not judges. For this reason we never think for a moment of coercing anyone into another creed or religion” [Bayān lin-Nās]. 
The third “General Guide” ‘Umar at-Tilimsānī said, “There is a clear difference between secularism and atheism. Secularism is not against the religion. It gives the religious person the right to express himself. As for atheism, then it is a personal stance that leads to unjustly pursuing religious people. I was a colleague of Mister Sirāj ad-Dīn, the president of [the secularist] Wafd party in the College of Law. He is a righteous person who prays and fasts. Also, al-Wafd party never harmed the Ikhwān” [Al-Mustaqbal Journal]. 
5 Members of the Ikhwān have occasionally abandoned the creed of the Ikhwānī leadership by pronouncing takfīr upon regimes that rule by man- made law, declaring enmity towards such regimes, and censuring participa- tion in secular governance. Some members also called to jihād being oblig- atory upon every Muslim of the era, especially jihād against these murtadd regimes and the kāfir invaders. These calls were rejected by the Ikhwān, thus the adherents to these beliefs would abandon the party or face censure, marginalization, and expulsion if these individuals did not retract. 6 It is not permissible to make tafkīr of a Muslim due to sins like mur- der, fornication, and the drinking of alcohol. The problem with al-Bannā’s words and those of his followers is the application of the rule to deeds that are major kufr in and of themselves, such as mocking the religion, worship- ing the dead, ruling by manmade laws, and aiding the kuffār against the Muslims. The mere perpetrator of such deeds is a murtadd without a doubt. 
Ikhwān, and yet it was able to penetrate “Salafī” movements decades ago. From the first of these movements was what later became known as the Surūri- yyah, a name derived from the movement’s top “ideologue,” the historian Muhammad Surūr. In the first manifestation of the Surūriyyah, they condemned tāghūt re- gimes and warned against participation in shirkī elections, but they avoided the issues of takfīr and jihād. However, when several murtadd “Islamist” parties partook in the Algerian elections of “1991,” the Surūri- yyah quickly changed their position on the issue, backing these parties in the shirkī elections. They then began escalating the tone of their propaganda against the mu- jāhidīn. Following September 11th and the operations in the Arabian Peninsula there- after, the Surūriyyah made amends with the tawāghīt, especially those of the Saudi family. Those Surūriyyah who had been banned from entering countries usurped by the tawāghīt were allowed to return to partake in the war against the mujāhidīn. 
He also said, “The Muslim Brotherhood movement was the main natural incuba- tor from which it was possible for jihādī thought to spread, for the da’wah of Hasan al-Bannā was an appropriate environment for such development. Nothing shows such as much as the Brotherhood slogan that de- scribed the Ikwānī methodology in brief: ‘Allah is our goal. The Messenger is our role model. The Qur’ān is our constitution. Ji- hād is our path. Death for Allah’s cause is our greatest aspiration’ … Its initial jihādī practices were also a proof of it being the appropriate incubator for the birth of the jihādī movement and ideology from its womb” [Da’wat al-Muqāwamah]. 
He also said, “The aspect of jihādī creed was present in most of these calls [for com- prehensive reform] and there is nothing more indicative of this than the famous slogan of the mother and heart of all the Is- lamic movements – the call of the Muslim Brotherhood and the various movements it gave birth to in the Arab and Islamic world … I cannot find in the eloquent works of any author of this modern Ummah who more comprehensively gathered the basis of the jihād creed as it was gathered in the Ikhwān’s slogan, which encompassed all as- pects, principles, and branches of the reli- gion” [Da’wat al-Muqāwamah]. 
Thus, as-Sūrī considers the Ikhwān to be the revivers of jihād in the era, as if he is ignorant of the fact that all their efforts were spent to serve democracy! His sentiment was echoed by adh-Dhawāhirī, who said, “Shaykh Hasan al-Ban- nā, may Allah have mercy upon him, was without a doubt a pioneering symbol of the Islamic movement. Allah blessed him with martyrdom. We ask Allah to accept it from him and to accept from him the rest of his righteous deeds. Allah alone knows the extent of love and respect that I have for him in my heart … Shaykh Hasan al-Bannā, may Allah have mercy upon him, also planted the seed of jihād in the modern Islam- ic movement” [Al-Hisād al-Murr]. He also said, “I dedicate the reward of this work to…the imām, the reviver of the Is- lamic reawakening Hasan al-Bannā, who took the youth from the realm of recreation and play to the battlefields of jihād” [Shadhā al-Qaranfulāt]. 
The problem does not stop at the jihād claimants consid- ering the Ikhwān to be behind the revival of jihād, it also in- cludes excusing the Ikhwānī apostates. As-Sūrī said, “As for the practitioners of democracy, then they are of different types. Thus, the rule upon them differs. But in general, I believe in the opinion that says that those who believe the philosophy and legislations of democracy to be kufr and contrary to the creed of Islam and religion of tawhīd but practice it under the pretense of being weak and it being the only available means to achieve interests they believe to serve the da’wah, Islam, and 
the Muslims and that it is the viable way to reach the imple- mentation of the Sharī’ah in these circumstances and abolish what opposes the Sharī’ah, or that it is the potential path to declare the truth, command the good, forbid the evil, and pass the voice of truth to the Ummah, and so forth, then the sincere people amongst them are excused in their practice of democracy and joining of its institutions due to their wrong misunderstanding” [Da’wat al-Muqāwamah]! 
As-Sūrī said, “The Jihādī Creed and the Constitution of the International Islamic Resistance Call: … Article 19: The international Islamic call considers the efforts of all the sin- cere ones within the Islamic awakening – the da’wah, reform, educational, religious, and other efforts approved of by the Sharī’ah – that the various schools of the Islamic awakening practice including…the Muslim Brotherhood…to be deserv- ing of gratitude due to their preservation of the Muslims’ re- ligion and improvement of their conditions. It calls them to cooperate in righteousness and piety and to support the resis- tance. It considers their efforts in da’wah to Allah’s religion to be a support for and solidification of the roots of resistance within this Ummah and a preservation of its composition. It calls everyone to overlook the points of difference at this stage in which the existence of all Muslims is at threat on all cultural levels” [Da’wat al-Muqāwamah]. 
This attitude towards the Ikhwān was repeated in the official media of al-Qā’idah under the leadership of adh- Dhawāhirī, most famously in “The General Guidelines for Ji- hādī Activity” and “The Pact to Support Islam.” This attitude led the jihād claimants not only to call for greater coopera- tion between themselves and the Ikhwān, but even to criticize those who pronounced takfīr upon the Ikhwān. 
For example, as-Sūrī criticized ‘Adnān ‘Uqlah and ‘Adnān’s companions who together abandoned the Ikhwān and formed at-Talī’ah al-Muqātilah (the Fighting Vanguard). As-Sūrī said, “Harmful matters manifested in the works of at-Talī’ah. That was their inclination – especially ‘Adnān ‘Uqlah and some of his students – towards extremism, particularly after the Ikhwān took the odd path of the coalition and a new politi- cal media campaign, after the Ikhwān had solidified ‘Adnān’s stance by their insistence on boycotting at-Talī’ah and hold- ing enmity towards it. So ‘Adnān ‘Uqlah declared his takfīr of those leaders of the Muslim Brotherhood…that approved of the National Coalition [of the “eighties”] and what it en- tailed of corruption. What pushed him to this was some of the truly corrupt publications of the National Coalition, which obviously included the Ikhwān! … And despite a number of 
He also described one of the “negative points” in the “experience of at-Talī’ah” as being, “The inclination of at-Talī’ah to- wards extremism in its last days as a result of the Ikhwānī and Iraqi boycott, the con- spiracy of all parties against it, and what it clearly faced of oppression and violence. This extremism was a constant trait of ev- eryone who belonged to at-Talī’ah. The Ikhwānī media played a major role in ex- aggerating this extremism to use it against at-Talī’ah, but undoubtedly at-Talī’ah had some obvious extremism. Probably the most extreme of what it delved into was the conviction that ‘Adnān ‘Uqlah and some of his companions reached in pronouncing takfīr upon those of the Muslim Brother- hood…who gave verdicts in support of the National Coalition and approved of it as an idea and program. He would pronounce takfīr upon everyone to whom the condi- tion of the coalition was proved and then insisted upon his loyalty to the leadership and its coalition. ‘Adnān ‘Uqlah had some claims for his conviction found in the pub- lications of the coalition and the statements of some of the Ikhwān, especially ‘Adnān Sa’d ad-Dīn, who said in one of his inter- views that he considered the members of the Iraqi Baath party – the rightwing Aflaq party – to be Muslims and its leadership to be religious. Rather, Sa’d ad-Dīn declared on more than one occasion his conviction that Saddam Hussein is Muslim and his re- gime is Islamic! Rather, Sa’d ad-Dīn even criticized those youth who described Sadd- am with kufr and requested these youth re- pent from such beliefs. Still, despite these statements giving claim for ‘Adnān ‘Uqlah’s conviction, undoubtedly the generalization he adopted was extreme!” [At-Thawrah al-Islāmiyyah al-Jihādiyyah fī Sūriyā]. 
for pronouncing takfīr upon the Syrian Brotherhood for joining a nationalist coa- lition working to establish a secular, dem- ocratic state! Thus it is not surprising after this discussion to see the jihād claimants in Shām and elsewhere side with the Ikhwānī and Surūrī apostate factions against the mujāhidīn of the Islamic State under the pretense that the muhājirīn and ansār are khawārij! Or in the former words of the deviant liar Abu Qatādah al-Filistīnī, who spoke the truth when he exposed Ikhwānī ignorance of tawhīd and then said, “Thus is any good expected of the Brotherhood par- ty?! Can one expect from them any revival of what has collapsed of the great building of Islam?! What is even stranger are those who believe that the ideology of Hasan al-Bannā is the revivalist methodology for the Ummah in this era, while these people claim to be followers of the Salaf and Salafi- yyah and raise the slogan of Ahlus-Sunnah wal-Jamā’ah! What is even stranger are those who claim to have jihādī methodol- ogy while believing that the difference be- tween the Muslim Brotherhood party and the jihād groups is like the difference be- tween Sahīh al-Bukhārī and Sahīh Muslim! For this reason, these people never abstain from uniting with the Ikhwān, not against the apostates, but against the muwahhidīn … Rather, these people are used as a mount by the Ikhwānī deviants to curse [the mu- wahhidīn] and call them takfīrī” [Al-Jihād wal-Ijtihād]. 
Allah’s sake. Indeed, their speaker boasted in an assembly of hundreds of thousands, saying, ‘Be wary of turning back. Die for the sake of democracy.’ They are a party that would pros- trate to Iblīs without hesitation if it were required to achieve seats … The Ikhwān party…abandoned all the principles of īmān…when they agreed to attribute legislative right to others besides Allah c, when they shamelessly boasted, saying, ‘Leg- islation is for the people.’ They added thereafter, ‘We are the representatives of the people in parliament.’ There is a clear contradiction in what they have said and done to the creed of the Prophets and the tawhīd of the Lord of the Heavens and the Earth … This kufr that the Ikhwān party perpetrated and made other people fall into is the result of obeying the kuffār of America and the West” [As-Silmiyyah Dīn Man]. 
It should be clear now to the Muslims in the West, the East, and those living inside the lands usurped by the apos- tates, the Jews, and the Christians, why the Brotherhood is a party of extreme apostasy and why it is thus obligatory upon the Muslims to declare the stance of takfīr, barā’ah, animosity, and enmity towards this group and its members as well as its various fronts, branches, factions, “Islamic” centers, and masā- jid of dirār (harm)7. It is also obligatory upon every member of the party to abandon it and renounce its kufrī tenets. 
Likewise, it is obligatory upon all Muslims to perform hi- jrah to the Khilāfah, which is the only body standing in the way of the Murtadd Brotherhood, the crusader masters of the Brotherhood, and the Rāfidah allied to the Brotherhood, who altogether attempt to destroy the religion of Islam and replace it with an “Islam” related to the Prophet g only in as much as modern Christians and Christianity are related to the tawhīd that Prophet ‘Īsā n conveyed. 
7 Allah c prohibited prayer in masājid erected by the munāfiqīn. This prohibition is even more applicable when the masjid is erected by extreme apostates whose imāms offer sermons and lead the people in prayer! {Do not stand [for prayer] within it – ever. A masjid founded on righteousness from the first day is more worthy for you to stand in. Within it are men who love to purify themselves; and Allah loves those who purify themselves} [At-Tawbah: 108]. 
the Mongol ruler Mahmud Ghazan in- vaded the lands of Shām, spreading corrup- tion in the land and causing panic among the masses. After defeating the Muslim army at the Battle of Wādī al-Khazandar, Ghazan continued his advance towards Dimashq. He would subsequently withdraw from the lands of Shām, but not before the Muslims of the land faced a severe tribulation that would test their reliance upon Allah and their trust in His promise of support and victory as the Mongol army captured Di- mashq and lay siege to its citadel. 
Below are selections from the words of Shaykhul-Islām Ibn Taymiyyah  recount- ing the nature of the fitnah that gripped the Muslims and shook them to the core as the enemy marched closer and closer to Dimashq. The shaykh draws comparisons between the Battle of al-Ahzāb in the time of the Prophet g and the fitnah of Ghazan, presenting lessons for the believers that will continue to remain relevant and crucial until 
Ibn Taymiyyah  begins by stating the importance of deriving lessons from the events that afflicted the believers before us, and the necessity of comparing our situation with theirs. “Indeed, there has occurred in this fitnah – by which Allah has afflicted the Muslims with this invading enemy who is outside the fold of the Sharī’ah of Islam – similar to what had occurred with the Mus- lims and their enemy in the time of Allah’s Messenger g … Allah’s covenants in His book and in the Sunnah of His Messenger encompass the last part of this Ummah just as they encompass its first part. Allah related the stories of the nations before us in order to serve as a lesson for us, so that we would compare our situation to their situation and measure the last nations according to the first nations.” 
victorious group – which is manifest upon the reli- gion and not harmed by those who oppose or forsake it until the Day of Judgment – became apparent, for the people divided into three parties: A party striving in support of the religion, another forsaking it, and another outside the Sharī’ah of Islam … This test was a means of separation and division from Allah, {That Allah may reward the truthful for their truth and pun- ish the hypocrites if He wills or accept their repen- tance. Indeed, Allah is ever Forgiving and Merciful} [Al-Ahzāb: 24].” 
He then mentions some āyāt about the Battle of Uhud in order to draw comparisons between the rea- son for the breakdown in the Muslim ranks during the Battle of Uhud, and the reason for the breakdown in the Muslim ranks during the course of the Mongol invasion. He says, “Allah said, {Indeed, those of you who turned back on the day the two armies met, it was Shaytān who caused them to slip because of some [blame] they had earned. But Allah has already forgiv- en them. Indeed, Allah is Forgiving and Forbearing} [Āl ‘Imrān: 155]. Allah c also said, {And Allah had certainly fulfilled His promise to you when you were killing the enemy by His permission until [the time] when you lost courage and fell to disputing about the order [given by the Prophet] and disobeyed after He had shown you that which you love. Among you are some who desire this world, and among you are some who desire the Hereafter. Then he turned you back from them [defeated] that He might test you. And He has already forgiven you, and Allah is the possessor of bounty for the believers} [Āl ‘Imrān: 152]. Allah also said, {Why [is it that] when a [single] disaster struck you [on the day of Uhud], although you had struck 
[the enemy in the battle of Badr] with one twice as great, you said, ‘From where is this?’ Say, ‘It is from yourselves.’ Indeed, Allah is over all things competent} [Āl ‘Imrān: 165]. [During the course of the battle,] the Shaytān shouted to the people, ‘Muhammad has been killed.’ So among them were those who were shaken and fled, and among them were those who stood firm and fought. So Allah said, {Muhammad is not but a messenger. [Other] messengers have passed on before him. So if he were to die or be killed, would you turn back on your heels [to unbelief]? And he who turns back on his heels will never harm Allah at all; but Al- lah will reward the grateful} [Āl ‘Imrān: 144]. And this was similar to the condition of the Muslims when they broke down last year.” 
He then mentioned that the defeat of the Muslims in his times was due to sins, bad intentions, boast- ing, conceitedness, etc., and then said, “So it was out of Allah’s wisdom and His mercy upon the believers that He afflicted them with the trials He had afflicted them with, so that Allah may purify the believers and they may return to their Lord in repentance … Just as Allah’s support for the Muslims on the day of Badr was a mercy and a blessing and their defeat on the day of Uhud was a blessing and a mercy upon the believers, for indeed the Prophet g said, ‘Allah does not decree anything for the believer except that it is good. And this is not for anyone except the believer. If he receives good and is thankful to Allah, it is good for him, and if he is afflicted with hardship and is patient, it is good for him.’” 
Ibn Taymiyyah  then divides the people into three categories with respect to their īmān and be- gins outlining the traits of the munāfiqīn. It is of paramount importance to be able to recognize the munafiqīn, for they always rear their ugly heads and make their voices heard loudest when fitnah emerges. It is also important to know their traits and habits as described in the Qur’ān and Sunnah because many people might fall into some nifāq during times of fitnah without even realizing it, and knowing these traits to avoid them will help one protect himself from imitating the munāfiqīn and following their corrupt path, as has occurred with many of those apostates who were previously treading the path of knowledge and jihād and are now standing shoulder-to-shoulder with the secularists in their parliaments of shirk and their nationalist factions. The shaykh states, “And the people were divided in [this battle of ours] just as they were divided in the year of al-Khandaq (i.e. the Battle of al-Ahzāb). And this is because ever since Allah sent Muhammad g and honored him with the Hijrah and with the support he received, the people became divided into three groups: A believing group, and they are those who believed in him outwardly and inward- ly, a disbelieving group, and they are those who made their disbelief in him apparent, and a munāfiq group, 
The shaykh then describes the duplicity of the var- ious murtadd Bātinī sects present in his time, such as the Kharamiyyah, the Bātiniyyah, the Qarāmitah, the Ismā’īliyyah, and the Nusayriyyah. He states, “And many of the munāfiqīn1 of these times leaned towards the Tatars’ state (i.e. the Mongols) because they do not obligate upon them the Sharī’ah of Islam. Rather, they leave them and that which they are upon. Some of them flee from the Tatars not for the sake of the religion but only due to the Tatars’ track record of corruption in Dunyā-related matters, their confis- cation of wealth, and their unrestrained bloodshed and enslavement.” Unfortunately, some of what Ibn Taymiyyah has mentioned here in his description of the members of the Bātinī sects also applies to many Muslims today. They flee the opportunity for jihād and establishment of Sharī’ah out of fear for their Dunyā. However, if they feared for their īmān, they would defend the Muslim lands against the murtad- dīn. Wallāhul-musta’ān. 
1 Note that Ibn Taymiyyah’s attribution of nifāq (hypocrisy) to these Bātinī sects is merely linguistic, as they make the claim of Islam while contradicting its reality. He does not mean that they are to be viewed as mere munāfiqīn who are generally treated as Muslims. Rather, these sects openly practice kufr and shirk, and as such, the ruling on these sects is that they are murtaddīn, as the shaykh himself mentions in several of his famous works. 
He then discusses Sūrat at-Tawbah, stating, “And this sūrah was revealed during the last of the Prophet’s battles g, the Battle of Tabūk in the 9th year after the Hijrah when Islam had become strong and manifest. Allah exposed therein the condition of the munāfiqīn, described them as being cowards and abandoning ji- hād, and described them as withholding from spending for the cause of Allah and being stingy with their wealth.” 
It’s important to note that Allah’s exposure of the cowardly and stingy nature of the munāfiqīn with this sūrah – also named “al-Fādihah” (the shamer) as mentioned by Ibn ‘Abbās k – came with respect to the Battle of Tabūk, which was an offensive jihād. So how much more does the label of nifāq apply to those who abandon jihād today when the lands of the Muslims are being at- tacked from all directions by the enemies of Allah and are dom- inated by shirkī laws and constitutions imposed and enforced by the crusaders and their puppets! Such Muslims should fear having their names recorded in history as those who abandoned jihād at one of the Ummah’s most critical junctures, and should fear the day when they will stand before Allah with the entire creation bearing witness as they are made to answer for such a disgraceful and humiliating deed. Certainly the one who shamed and exposed the munāfiqīn in this Dunyā for abandoning the offensive jihād during the life of the Prophet g without any valid reasons is ca- pable of equally shaming and exposing those who abandon the defensive jihād today without any valid excuses. 
And likewise today, the people are divided into three groups with respect to the establishment of the Is- lamic State and the return of khilāfah upon the prophetic methodology: A group that supports the revival of the Khilāfah and the implementation of the Sharī’ah, a group that wages war against the Khilāfah and the Sharī’ah, and a third group that claims to be in support of establishing the Khilā- fah and implementing the Sharī’ah but seems to think that this can only come about by abandoning jihād, fear-mongering, and criticizing the mujāhidīn over any perceived short- comings. 
Shaykhul-Islām then briefly re- counts the story of the battle of al- Ahzāb and describes the situation in Shām. He then mentions the state- ment of Allah {[Remember] when they came at you from above you and from below you, and when eyes shift- ed [in fear], and hearts reached the throats and you assumed about Allah [various] assumptions. There the be- lievers were tested and shaken with a severe shaking} [Al-Ahzāb: 10-11], and then states, “The enemy came from both sides of the elevated region of Shām … So the people’s eyes shifted in fear and their hearts reached their throats due to the greatness of the affliction, especially when the news spread that the Muslim army had left for Egypt and the enemy drew closer to Dimashq. The people had various presumptions about Allah. This one thought that no one from the army of Shām would stand and face them and they would eradicate the people of Shām, and this one thought that if they stood before them [the Mon- gols] would completely break them 
and surround them just as the moon is surrounded by a glow, and this one thought that they could no longer reside in the land of Shām and that it would no longer be a land of Islam, and this one thought that [the Mongols] would take [Shām] and then proceed to Egypt and capture it and no one would stand in their way so he contemplated fleeing to Yemen and other such places, and this one – thinking somewhat positively – said, ‘They will rule [Shām] this year as they ruled it in the year of Hulagu in 657 [Hijrī]. Then the army may come out from Egypt and rescue it from them just as it came out that year.’ And this is the assumption of the best among them.” 
Just as the people of Shām began assuming the worst when facing the fitnah of the Mongols, so too do many Muslims today assume the worst when fac- ing the fitnah of the tawāghīt and the crusaders, even apostatizing because of these assumptions! Despite the return of the Khilāfah, the establishment of the Sharī’ah, the expansion of the Islamic State’s territory, and the massacre of countless murtaddīn at the hands of its soldiers, many of the Syrian factions – includ- ing the so-called “Islamic” ones – continue to behave as if Bashar can’t possibly be defeated by a group of Muslims relying solely upon Allah for victory. These factions, rather than placing their trust in Allah and fighting for His cause, presume the worst about Al- lah and act on their negative presumptions by beg- ging the crusaders to supply them with weapons and establish a no-fly zone. In exchange for crusader and tāghūt support, these factions cooperate with the kuffār against the muhājirīn and ansār of the Islamic State. The tawakkul of these factions upon the kuffār has reduced them to accepting negotiations with the Nusayrī regime for a “peaceful transition” towards a new tāghūt government. 
Ibn Taymiyyah  then states, “Allah c said, {And when a faction of them said, ‘O people of Yathrib, there is no place for you [here], so return [home]’} [Al-Ahzāb: 13]. The Prophet g had encamped with the Muslims at Mount Sila’ and placed the trench be- tween him and the enemy. A group from among the munāfiqīn said, ‘There is no place for you to take up position here due to the large numbers of the ene- my, so return to Madīnah.’ And it was said [that the meaning is], ‘You have no ability to remain upon the religion of Muhammad, so return to the religion of shirk.’ And it was said [that the meaning is], ‘You have no ability to fight, so consider being protected under their authority.’ And likewise, when this enemy came, there were those from among the munāfiqīn who said, ‘The Islamic state is no longer standing, so the appropriate thing to do is to enter into the state of the Tatars.’ And some people said, ‘We can no longer 
reside in the land of Shām. Rather, we will move to al-Hijāz and Yemen or to Egypt.’ And some of them said, ‘Rather, the general interest lies in surrendering to them and placing ourselves under their authority just as the people of Iraq surrendered to them.’ These three statements were uttered during this incident just as they were uttered during that incident. This is what a group of the munāfiqīn and those in whose hearts is disease said to the people of Dimashq specifically and to the people of Shām in general: You have no ability to remain in this land.” 
These statements of the munāfiqīn have also been repeated in our era by the various apostate sahwah fac- tions and their ideologues. They casted doubts on the mujāhidīn’s ability to face the disbelievers, even warn- ing that Mosul would fall and advising the women to leave the city. Others, meanwhile, continued to insist upon their manhaj of “pragmatism,” claiming that it’s not “pragmatic” to try to fight the kuffār head-on, and that the Muslims ought to conceal their intention to implement the Sharī’ah and should take part in de- mocracy in order to gain power. This, of course, is no different than the statement of the munāfiqīn men- tioned above, “You have no ability to remain upon the religion of Muhammad, so return to the religion of shirk.” Yet others believed that they lacked the abil- ity to fight the crusaders, so they instead resorted to seeking the aid and protection of those very crusaders against another enemy, even if doing so entailed coop- erating with the crusaders against Muslims! 
Shaykhul-Islām then describes those who are not merely satisfied with abandoning jihād and will take it upon themselves to also discourage others from fighting for the cause of Allah. In our times, this even reaches the extent that parents are willing to notify the kāfir authorities and have them arrest their own children and imprison them for decades in order to stop them from joining the mujāhidīn. In describing those who discourage others from jihād for the cause of Allah, Ibn Taymiyyah  states, “Allah c said, {Al- ready Allah knows the hinderers among you and those [hypocrites] who say to their brothers, ‘Come to us’} [Al-Ahzāb: 18]. The scholars said, ‘From among the munāfiqīn [during the Battle of al-Ahzāb] were those who returned from the trench and entered Madīnah. If anyone came to them they would say to him, ‘Woe to you! Stay here and don’t head out.’ And they would also write such messages to their brothers in the [Mus- lim] army, saying, ‘Come to us in Madīnah, for we are waiting for you,’ thereby discouraging them from fighting.’” 
19], which is their harsh disparagement of the mu- jāhidīn, including their insulting them and declar- ing them to be insane or deluded. He states, “And at times they say, ‘You – with your small numbers and weakness – want to break the enemy. Indeed, your religion has deluded you,’ just as Allah c said, {[Re- member] when the hypocrites and those in whose hearts was disease said, ‘Their religion has deluded those [Muslims].’ But whoever relies upon Allah – then indeed, Allah is Exalted in Might and Wise} [Al-Anfāl: 49]. And at times they say, ‘You are in- sane and have no intelligence. You want to destroy yourselves and destroy the people along with you.’ And at times they make other types of harsh, harm- ful statements.” 
Ibn Taymiyyah  then mentions the statement of Allah, {They think the companies have not [yet] withdrawn. And if the companies should come [again], they would wish they were in the desert among the Bedouins, inquiring [from afar] about your news} [Al-Ahzāb: 20]. This is like the case of those who remain behind from jihād and are content following the news on a regular basis in order to stay on top of current affairs. They think themselves to be well-informed but the reality is that they are often as ignorant as Bedouins concerning the affairs of the mujāhidīn, with many of them relying on the slan- 
Ibn Taymiyyah  then discusses the meaning of be- ing truthful in one’s claim to īmān. He mentions the āyah, {Among the believers are men true to what they promised Allah. Among them is he who has fulfilled his vow [to the death]} [Al-Ahzāb: 23], and the āyah, {The believers are only the ones who have believed in Allah and His Mes- senger and then doubt not but strive with their properties and their lives in the cause of Allah. It is those who are the truthful} [Al-Hujurāt: 15]. He then states, “So He (Allah) confined īmān to the mujāhid believers and informed that they are the ones who are truthful in stating, ‘We believe.’” Having previously mentioned the traits of the munāfiqīn, Shaykhul-Islām then notes that despite their evil they can still be forgiven if they repent before it’s too late. He states, “As for the munāfiqīn, they are between two matters: Either He punishes them or He accepts their re- pentance. This is the condition of the people concerning al-Khandaq and concerning these invaders. Also, Allah c afflicted the people with this fitnah that He may reward the truthful for their truthfulness – and they are those who re- mained firm and patient in order to support Allah and His Messenger – and punish the munāfiqīn if He wills or accept their repentance.” 
Abū Jandal grew up in Dhaka and came from an affluent family with deep connections in the Benga- li military. His father was a murtadd officer of the tāghūt forces and was killed during an internal mutiny of “Bangladesh” border guards in “2009.” Abū Jandal would occasionally say about him, “My father died for the sake of tāghūt but I wish to die for the sake of Allah alone.” He remained truthful in his words with Allah and searched for shahādah with sincerity, and Allah was truthful with him and granted him what he eagerly desired. We consider him so, and Allah is his judge. 
During his late teens, Abū Jandal received the true call of Islam. He began listening to the lectures of Shaykh Anwar al-‘Awlaqī (may Allah accept him) and other scholars who were upon the truth. He had a strong zeal for seeking beneficial knowledge. He used to recite the Qur’ān daily and contemplate on the meanings of the verses. He used to regularly study the Arabic language and books of ‘aqīdah authored by Ibn Taymiyyah  and Muhammad Ibn ‘Abdil-Wahhāb . He was also a devout worshiper. He was regular in performing qiyām every night as well as the daily Sunnah prayers, and would also urge other brothers around him to perform qiyām. In addition to his personal worship, he also used to financially support the local mujāhidīn in Bengal in addition to the Mus- lim prisoners there to the best of his ability. He was a young brother who would hasten toward performing good deeds at the earliest opportunity. 
When the Khilāfah was declared in Shām, Abū Jandal was among the first of the muwahiddīn in Bengal to support the Islamic State and pledge his al- legiance to the Khalīfah (hafidhahullāh). He was very active in spreading the message of tawhīd and khilāfah among the brothers around him, and as the call for hijrah was intensified in the Islamic State media, Abū Jandal was not satisfied with simply talking the talk with his friends or on various social media platforms but rather, decided to actually walk the walk in the path of Allah and perform hijrah to the Islamic State. Abū Jandal faced many obstacles on his path for hijrah. His plan was to feign travel to an engineering conference in the Middle East as a cover for his hijrah. He would need a reference letter from his college con- firming his claim that he was traveling for the purpose of attending the conference, but the problem was that he had already stopped attending classes at the college due to the sinful environment that existed there. Fur- thermore, as a young, unemployed student he didn’t have the financial means to pay for his flight nor the conference fees. Despite his situation, he maintained firm conviction in the promise of Allah, who said, {And whoever fears Allah – He will make for him a way out and will provide for him from where he does not expect. And whoever relies upon Allah – then He is sufficient for him} [At-Talāq: 2-3]. And so Allah facilitated for him solutions from places he hadn’t ex- pected. Placing his trust in Allah alone, Abū Jandal was able to forge a reference letter from his college, and Allah blinded the eyes of the murtaddīn, who didn’t notice the obvious signs of forgery in both the stamp and the signature in the reference letter. He was also able to acquire the money needed to cover his 
When the news leaked that Abū Jandal had left the country for the Middle East and had not attended the conference, his murtadd maternal uncle, who is connected with Bengali military intelligence agency DGFI (Directorate General of Forces Intelligence), tried his best to prevent him from entering Shām. De- spite the efforts of his uncle and the DGFI, however, Abū Jandal, by Allah’s grace, succeeded in entering Shām with great ease, underscoring what the Prophet g had said to the young companion ‘Abdullāh Ibn ‘ Abbās j, “Know that if the whole world were to gather together in order to benefit you something, they would not be able to benefit you with anything other than that which Allah had written for you. And if they were to gather together in order to harm you with something, they would not be able to harm you except with that which Allah had written against you” [Reported by at-Tirmidhī]. 
Upon entering the blessed land of Shām, his heart was full of joy, and he became the youngest brother among the Bengali muhājirīn. As soon as he joined the training camp, he informed the trainer that he wanted to carry out an istishhādī operation and added his name to the list. He was always cheerful and smil- ing. While awaiting his turn to carry out an istishhādī operation, he joined a battalion and was stationed in ribāt in ‘Ayn al-Islām. Despite his ribāt and fighting, his heart was always concerned for the brothers in his former homeland and the progress of jihād there. He dreamed of Bengal becoming a frontline for the Is- lamic State and a graveyard for the murtaddīn. When he would come back to the city from ribāt, he would rush to the brothers and inquire about the progress in Bengal. 
He also used to give sincere nasīhah to the brothers here, and despite growing up in a wealthy family, he always tried to distance himself from city life, prefer- ring instead the toils of jihād. Before leaving to par- take in one of the battles in ‘Ayn ‘Īsā, he informed a brother that he did not want to stay in the city and was trying to move to the mountains of Wilāyat Dimashq. At the time, Ramadān was approaching, and his heart was attached to shahādah. He told the brothers with him of his desire for shahādah and prayed that Allah would accept him in the month of Ramadān. He then left for the battle in ‘Ayn ‘Īsā as an inghimāsī. During the course of the operation, he was shot by a 23mm autocannon. The medical team evacuated him from the battlefield and attempted to give him first aid, but he died due to excessive bleeding. The doctor on duty 
“This is a sincere message from your beloved brother living in the blessed lands of the Islamic State. Verily it is Allah’s laws and the sacrifice of the brothers that makes a land blessed. Yā ikhwānī fillāh, four or five months ago I was in the same position as you. I didn’t have any plan as to how to avoid the fitnah sur- rounding me. I didn’t know how I would ever be able to do jihād fī sabīlillāh. I thought that all my family and friends would boycott me. I was drowning in the same obstacles that you might be going through now. But it is only the promise of Allah, the promise of that Garden in which rivers flow, that kept me going. And it was enough, inshā’allāh.” 
“The following are some points of nasīhah, which I am trying hard to follow and would hope that you, my beloved brothers, would also try to follow. Please note that it is just my duty to give sincere advice to you. Otherwise, I am too small and too sinful to give you advice.” • “Qiyām al-layl. Yā akhī, it had been the solution for the Sahābah, has been the solution for the broth- ers, and it will be the same for you, inshā’allāh. Try getting up 15 minutes before Fajr and praying two raka’ah of qiyām al-layl. When you get used to it, then increase by 15 minutes. Is this so hard?” 
Indeed, Abū Jandal was among those brothers who were not satisfied with merely reaching the lands of the Khilāfah and partaking in jihād for the cause of Allah. One can see from his letter that despite be- ing involved in jihād, one of the greatest acts of sac- rifice and worship, he continually sought to improve himself and strengthen his relationship with his Lord. May Allah accept him among the shuhadā’ and in- spire many more through his words and deeds. 
al hostage crisis that exploded so violently onto the front pages of the world’s media in 2014 that nobody else has. It’s not something I’m especially proud of, but I know more about what happened after the last European went home than anybody else alive. I don’t think or talk much about what happened back then. I have moved on both physically and mentally and have tried to put it behind me. We cannot live forever in the past. But it was an entirely avoidable se- quence of events that will be stained forever with the blood of my former cellmates and remains a pillar of shame for the governments involved. Nothing will ever change the way America and Britain cynically left their people to die while every other nation got their citizens home. 
The fallout clearly had serious ramifications in the West as well, because the announcement last year that the USA has changed its policy on hostage negotiations came as a sur- prise. Suddenly it was okay for families to discuss ransoms running into the millions of dollars when less than a year before this policy shift any folk that tried to do so – and Diane Foley and the others certainly tried – were threatened with prosecution by national security agents. I’ve heard no word on Britain’s stance on the same subject but since they meekly do whatever America does a little further down the road, then it’s quite possible they have now changed their position as well. 
The stupidity of hardline non-negotiation was ob- vious at the time as my cellmates were beheaded one after the other. Since most countries choose to nego- tiate, either above or below the table (and everyone chooses to deal below), then by being the hardliner who does not agree to talk, all you’re doing is con- demning your imprisoned citizens to death. Nothing more. You’re not making a big political stand because the whole thing’s invisible and not in the media, you’re not showing the world how tough you are for the same reasons, in fact you’re not making any difference to the global position on hostage-taking whatsoever. The captors don’t check your passport when they grab you and say, “Oh look, this one’s British. We better let him go and just keep all the French instead.” It doesn’t work like that. 
All you’re doing is just condemning citizens who have gotten themselves into a sticky situation for the sake of a few million dollars which – let’s be honest – doesn’t go very far in today’s world. The Islamic State pumps millions of dollars a day in oil revenue so they don’t even need the proceeds from ransoms and ha- ven’t for quite some time. I don’t claim to speak for them, but I believe it’s reasonable to say that the mu- jāhidīn continue to seek ransoms only to uphold an order dictated in the Qur’ān. {When you meet those 
Make no mistake about it, the mujāhidīn follow the Qur’ān to the letter, say what they mean, and mean what they say. They don’t play games, a fact that was not lost on the European countries whose citizens were prisoners. America, on the other hand, chose to glibly ignore the disaster that was coming their way and today spends more in one day of dropping bombs over the Islamic State as it would have taken to get 26 year-old Kayla Mueller home. Thanks to US policy at the time, all her family got instead was evidence that she was killed by a coalition bomb in ar-Raqqah and a candlelight vigil at their hometown of Prescott, Arizona. 
So a few months back I watched with interest a 27-minute documentary entitled “The Cost of Living” that was aired on ABC Australia last June. The pre- senter of the program, Jonathan Holmes, interviewed one of my former cellmates, Frenchman Nicholas Henin. Nic was a peculiar fish but I rather enjoyed his company because he was quiet and said completely weird things. One of my favourite Nic-isms was when he got a sound thrashing from a guard for throwing bread down the toilet and he announced to the room in a high-pitched voice, who had just watched him sail past the door on his head before getting a pretty decent one-two in front of all of us, that “I have just been beeeeeee-ten!” Ah, such happy days. 
around the world. Nobody had ever seen anything like it, certainly not on this scale and it made the front page of every newspaper and TV headline in the world. Ini- tially the anger was directed at the mujāhidīn for con- ducting the executions, but very soon it became clear the governments involved could have done a great deal more to get their people out and all eyes turned towards them. The deaths were a result of the actions – or rather complete inaction – of the American and British politicians. 
“There was very quick- ly a very big difference between how the French and Spanish governments responded,” says New York Times journalist Rukmini Callimachi when inter- viewed for the program. “Whereas the Americans were dragging their feet and telling Mrs. Foley, ‘We don’t pay, ask for another proof of life, etc.,’ the others were going into negotiation mode and saying, ‘Okay, 100 million, 50 million, that’s out of the question. Let’s talk more reasonably.’” 
I saw a few emails between the Islamic State nego- tiators and some of the American families at the time. The desperation and pleading for more time by moth- ers as they singlehandedly tried to facilitate the free- ing of prisoners held in “black site” US prisons in ex- change for their sons was awful to read and testament to just how little their government had done or even discussed with them as the clock ticked relentlessly down. Just days before he was killed, Steven Sotloff’s mother was still, impossibly, trying to get Obama to discuss the freeing of Dr. Aafia Siddiqui in exchange for Steven’s life. One mum versus an entire govern- ment. Of course, she lost. 
“The FBI had communications intercept, they had aerial surveillance, they had almost certainly human resources on the ground in Syria,” says Global Post boss Philip Balboni in the program, the media agen- cy Foley worked for. “So there was without doubt a lot of information available to them. Nothing, in the entire period of time that Jim was alive, did a single piece of information come back to us. But the thing that really infuriated Diana and John Foley was the threat that was delivered by a member of the national security council on a conference call with other hos- tage families.” The threat was simple: if you try to raise 
public display like returning war heroes. Nic, like all the other French, Spanish, Italian, German, and Danish prisoners, had gone home for a bit of loose change that his government found in its pocket and paid via a “proxy.” This is normally a wealthy business- man who acts as a financial buffer so there’s no actual link directly to the government in question and they can say – no word of a lie – that they did not pay the hostage-takers. I have no idea if payment is made elec- tronically these days or whether it’s bundles of used $50 notes in an old Adidas kitbag, but it matters not. Cue lots of happy photos and news clips as the prisoners go home and are reunited with their loved ones. There are tears, hugs, smiles and, if you’re French, an insincere kiss on the cheek from the pres- ident. The media love it, the public feels good about their country, the ex-prisoners are so thankful to be alive, and everyone is united in anger at those “horrid hostage-takers” who would do such a “foul thing” in the first place. Governments pay marketing compa- nies like Saatchi & Saatchi millions to generate such positive PR. 
Now compare that to the tirade of public anger and bitterness that erupted onto the scene when James Foley was executed on 18 August 2014. “Great, captured on Thanksgiving day, killed on my mom’s birthday,” he said quietly, minutes before he was led out. We’d all had our heads shaved early that morning and it was clear something was up. “It’s just a video, be good for all of us,” said James. “No,” I replied. “This isn’t just a video.” 
Perhaps the simplest way to examine the woeful in- adequacy of American and British hostage policy com- pared to, say, the French approach is to look at ev- erything that’s happened over the last 18 months and suggest if the US and UK “tough guy” stance changed things for the better; if by not negotiating in any way when the others did that they somehow improved their political or military situation against the Islamic State. Let’s look at the facts. 
For example, by not paying a ransom, forbidding the families to even try and refusing to discuss a pris- oner exchange with the Islamic State for the lives of my five previous cellmates, did those decisions by Obama and Cameron prevent the Caliphate expand- ing its borders east and west? No. Did those decisions stop affiliate Islamic groups in the Sinai Peninsula, Af- ghanistan, Pakistan, Yemen, Nigeria, and Libya from declaring allegiance to the Caliphate, thereby creating the largest Sharī’ah governance ever seen in the mod- ern world? No. Did it stop the Islamic State pushing back the feeble Iraqi army and capturing most of An- bar province while the Shia dropped their guns and fled? No. Did it stop America spending billions of dollars on the air campaign thus far and deploying thousands of advisory troops in a country they depart- ed in 2011? No. And did it stop attacks by mujāhidīn in Texas, New York, Tunisia, and California through- out 2015 that have left dozens of Britons and Ameri- cans killed or wounded? Absolutely not. 
France got all their prisoners home and contin- ue to be attacked on French soil, so the evidence is damning. By choosing not to negotiate in any way with the mujāhidīn, all America and Britain did was get six of their citizens slaughtered for no reason whatsoever other than arrogant bloody-mindedness. I recall an interview that David Cameron gave to Sky news regarding the upcoming deadline on Briton Da- vid Haines in August 2014. He knew, 100% knew, that David was going to be beheaded like the others, yet Cameron was so aloof and proud. “We don’t pay ransoms,” he said. “Our thoughts are with the family at this difficult time and we’re doing everything we can [i.e. nothing], but any country that does pay is 
After the so-called “propaganda” videos I did for the Islamic State in 2014, there’s some gratification in seeing America change their arrogant and thought- less policy towards prisoner negotiations. If it’s now okay for families to discuss the paying of ransoms and the raising thereof, maybe the government will actu- ally help them pay, under the table, of course, and all hush-hush. It’s all down to the labors of the Kassig, Sotloff, and Foley families and their supporters, but perhaps my outraged words helped in some tiny way. Peter Kassig wasn’t the easiest guy to get along with in prison, but when he knew his time was coming, he became quiet and reflective. A few days before he died, he said, “Maybe after I’m dead, somehow some- thing good will come of it.” 
“In less than two years, ISIL has captured large swathes of territory in both Iraq and the Syrian Arab Republic, which it administers through a sophisticated, quasi-bureau- cratic revenue generating structure that is sufficiently flex- ible and diversified to compensate for declines in income from single revenue streams … It uses its financial resources to support ongoing military campaigns, administer its ter- ritories and fund the expansion of the conflict beyond Iraq and the Syrian Arab Republic, and it has developed an ex- tremely effective and sophisticated communications strategy to ensure that its…vision of the world resonates with a… growing number of…individuals…” 
The report then goes on to detail how the Khilāfah implements the Sharī’ah of zakāh, da’wah, jihād, jizyah, hisbah, slavery, and hudūd – referring to all these laws with terms of mockery – and how this Sharī’ah poses a threat to “international peace and secu- rity,” AKA the “new world order.” Instead of yielding by realizing that the Khilāfah is here to stay and will continue ruling by the Sharī’ah and terrorizing its enemies, he recommended the follow- ing to the tawāghīt of the divided “United Nations”: 
“The resolution of ongoing conflicts, including the Syrian con- flict, would have a direct impact on the driving forces behind the recruitment of foreign terrorist fighters by ISIL … In order to ad- dress the grave threat posed by ISIL, including the influx of foreign terrorist fighters to Iraq and the Syrian Arab Republic and ISIL’s extensive financing activities, it is essential to identify a political resolution to the Syrian conflict. This process will require sustained and determined international commitment and effective imple- mentation of Security Council resolution 2254 (2015), which sets out a path towards formal intra-Syrian negotiations on a political transition process pursuant to the 2012 Geneva communiqué and a parallel nationwide ceasefire.” 
And thus, after the Riyadh Conference of the Saudi tāghūt concluded, the Nusayriyyah and their atheist allies in the Demo- cratic Forces of Syria – with Russian support and American con- sent – blitzkrieged across regions held by the murtadd sahwāt, taking many major cities and towns through mere “negotiations” with sahwah leaders who were part of the conspiracy to achieve “a political resolution to the Syrian conflict.” 
of its operations to other regions. The terrorist attacks carried out in the final months of 2015 demonstrate that it is capable of committing attacks on…targets outside the territories un- der its control. The extent of its reach was no- tably demonstrated by the suicide bombings in Beirut on 12 November 2015, the coordi- nated attacks in Paris on 13 November 2015 and the attacks in Jakarta by an ISIL affiliate on 14 January 2016, which closely resembled the Paris attacks…” 
“The recent expansion of the ISIL sphere of influence across West and North Africa, the Middle East and South and South-East Asia demonstrates the speed and scale at which the gravity of the threat has evolved in just 18 months. The complexity of the recent attacks and the level of planning, coordination and sophistication involved raise concerns about its future evolution. Moreover, other terror- ist groups…are sufficiently attracted by its underlying ideology to pledge allegiance to its so-called caliphate and self-proclaimed ca- liph. ISIL has also benefited from the arrival of a steady stream of foreign terrorist fighters, who continue to leave their communities to replenish its ranks. The return of these fight- ers from the battlefields of Iraq and the Syrian Arab Republic and other conflict zones is a further major concern, as returnees can ex- tend the presence of ISIL to their States of ori- gin and use their skills and combat experience 
SH. ABŪ IBRĀHĪM: All praise is due to Allah, and may blessings and peace be upon the Prophet Muhammad. All praise is due to Allah who has returned the blessing of khilāfah upon the pro- phetic methodology to the Muslim Ummah after a long period of oppression and darkness. And we thank Him day and night for accepting us – de- spite our sins and weaknesses – as the soldiers of that blessed khilāfah, walillāhil-hamd. We pledged allegiance to the Khilāfah for many reasons. First, it is an obligation upon all Muslims to unite un- der a single Qurashī imām and not remain di- vided. Allah says, {And hold firmly to the rope of Allah all together and do not become divided} [Āl ‘Imrān: 103]. This was mentioned by Shaykh Muhammad Ibn ‘Abdil-Wahhāb  in his book “The Six Principles,” in which he states that the second and third principles of the religion, after the first principle of tawhīd, are to remain united 
under one imām and to listen to and obey him. Secondly, we have seen that the Khilāfah declared by the leadership of the Islamic State has fulfilled all the conditions enumerated by the scholars from among the righteous Salaf of the Ummah. The Prophet g said, “Whoever dies without having a pledge of allegiance, dies a death of jāhiliyyah” [Reported by Mus- lim from Ibn ‘Umar]. Thirdly, we saw the crusaders, the Rāfidah, the PKK atheists, and all the oth- er kāfir parties uniting against the Khilāfah and striking it altogether from a single bow. And thus, we realized that it is an obligation upon us and the rest of the believ- ers to join the camp of īmān and fight against the kuffār, striking them altogether from a single bow as well. Allah c said, {And those who disbelieved are allies of one another. If you do not do so, there will be fitnah on earth and great corruption} [Al-Anfāl: 73]. 
SH. ABŪ IBRĀHĪM: The mu- wahiddīn in Bengal were great- ly supportive of our operations against the kuffār, walhamdu- lillāh. They saw us fighting against all the kuffār in our targeting of the crusaders, the Rāfidah, the Qādiyāniyyah, the Hindus, the missionaries, and others, all with- in a short period of time. They saw that with the help of Allah, a small number of mujāhidīn with limited means are able to target and intimidate the various sects of kufr in any part of the region despite all the false claims of su- premacy attributed to the tāghūt 
SH. ABŪ IBRĀHĪM: Alhamdu- lillāh, the emergence of the sol- diers of the Khilāfah has terrified the kuffār in the region in general and in particular the atheists and secularists who mock Islam and our beloved Prophet g. This became evident when some of the leading atheists in the region claimed to have received death threats from the soldiers of the Khilāfah in Bengal. But it is not the methodology of the Khilāfah’s soldiers to send mere threats to the enemies of Allah. Rather, we let our actions do the talking. And our soldiers are presently sharp- ening their knives to slaughter the atheists, the mockers of the Prophet g, and every other apos- tate in the region, bi idnillāh. We say just as Shaykh Usāmah Ibn 
SH. ABŪ IBRĀHĪM: Sadly, there are many deviant and apos- tate sects in Bengal. First, there is a small number of Rāfidah in Ben- gal who are funded and supported by the Iranian government. Sec- ondly, there is a significant num- ber of Qādiyāniyyah in Bengal. Thirdly, there is a large number of apostates who have converted from Islam to Christianity due to the deceptive preaching carried out by local and foreign mission- aries and the relentless efforts of 
the kuffār. There are some grass- roots level followers and support- ers of “Jamaat-e-Islami” who have repented from their shirk and joined the ranks of the Khilāfah’s soldiers in Bengal, walhamdu- lillāh. However, the leadership of the organization remains adamant upon its path of destruction and humiliation and keeps on com- peting with the tāghūt Hasina government in terms of who can commit more kufr. Wa lā hawla wa lā quwwata illā billāh. 
(DGFI) was founded by the late pro-“Pakistan” tāghūt Ziaur Rah- man by borrowing its military strategies and model from the “Pakistani” military and its intel- ligence (ISI). And while the Ben- gali army generals were not able to achieve complete dominance over the state affairs like their “Paki- stani” counterparts despite many attempts to carry out a military coup, they remained one of the most powerful actors within the nation by maintaining a financial- ly independent existence, as they were not entirely dependent on the civilian government for their funding. Rather, they primarily depend on the UN and its “peace- keeping” missions to provide lu- crative salaries for their greedy officers and soldiers. And no mat- ter which of the two civilian gov- ernments – whether the pro-“Pa- kistan” BNP or the pro-Indian Awami League – comes into pow- 
er, they conveniently make a deal with the army generals that there will not be any military coup at- tempts during the course of their political terms by allowing the army officers to materially benefit from the high salaries flowing into their accounts from the UN mis- sions, which allows them to buy fancy homes and save money for retirement. Thus, this marriage of convenience between the tāghūt civilian government and the mur- tadd military generals who sell their religion for a miserable price is the primary reason why the Bengali government is the larg- est contributor to so-called UN “peacekeeping” operations. And Allah knows best. 
to a kāfir woman. We ask them to repent from their kufrī jobs before we get a hold of them and slaugh- ter them one by one, bi idhnillāh. We ask them to take a lesson from the fate of the murtaddīn in Iraq, Shām, Egypt, and other regions and see how Allah is humiliating them at the hands of the believers. Also, we warn the cowardly, mur- tadd Bengali soldiers that we will take revenge for every Muslim they kill, imprison, and torture in captivity, bi idnillāh, even if after some time. {And whoever avenges himself after having been wronged – those have not upon them any cause [for blame]} [42:41]. 
that believes in giving people the power to legislate and make things halāl and harām, whereas that is the right of Allah alone. Secondly, it is a nationalistic or- ganization promoting national- ism – a rotten call of jāhiliyyah. And anyone who calls to a kufrī call of jāhiliyyah and dies upon it is from the people of Hellfire even if he prays, fasts, and claims to be a Muslim. Thirdly, during the period when they were in power from “2001” to “2006” they nev- er implemented the law of Allah in the land, and whoever doesn’t rule by what Allah has revealed is a kāfir. Fourthly, during the peri- od they were in power, they didn’t hesitate for even a minute in ally- ing with the kuffār of the East and the West against the muwahhidīn in Bengal who wanted to imple- ment the law of Allah in the land, and whoever takes the kuffār as allies against the Muslims leaves the fold of Islam. Fifthly, they have officially congratulated the mushrik Indian Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, for his democrat- ic victory and they are also known for congratulating the masses of cow-worshiping, pagan Hindus on their religious occasions of shirk on a regular basis. These are 
possible way. And we will begin launching operations within Bur- ma once we’ve reached the capa- bility to do so, bi idnillāh. How- ever, we believe it will be more effective to strengthen the jihād front in Bengal first before fully moving into Burma, as fighting the nearer murtaddīn takes pre- cedence over fighting the farther enemy comprised of kuffār asli- yyīn (non-apostate disbelievers). Allah c said, {O you who have believed, fight those adjacent to you of the kuffār and let them find in you harshness. And know that Allah is with the righteous} [At-Tawbah: 123]. The kāfir re- gime in Burma can only be fought effectively after we bring an end to the apostate Bengali regime, bi idnillāh, just as the Jewish state can’t be fought effectively until 
SH. ABŪ IBRĀHĪM: The biggest obstacle we face in strengthening the jihād front in Bengal, after our sins, is the lack of knowledge of the Qur’ān and Sunnah with the true understanding of the Salaf among the masses in the region. There are many deviant groups and “scholars,” such as “Jamā’at at-Tablīgh” and “Bangladesh Ja- maat-e-Islami,” that preach false understandings of the religion, which causes confusion among the average person about his real obligations towards the religion. Even the so-called “Ahl-e-Had- ith” movement in Bengal teach- es a sugarcoated, tāghūt-friendly “tawhīd” that doesn’t include re- jecting and opposing the tawāghīt 
of the parliament nor fighting them to establish the religion. Also, they keep hidden from the masses the tenets regarding kufr bit-tāghūt, walā’ and barā’, and ji- hād, while falsely pretending to be followers of the Salaf. Rather, they simply strive to expose the mass- es to the teachings of pro-Saudi “scholars” from the Arabian Pen- insula and to the teachings of their local mouthpieces, the lo- cal “students of knowledge” who have studied under the sorcerers in the universities established and run by the Saudi tawāghīt. Thus, very few people in the region have the true understanding of the re- ligion and the methodology of Ahlus-Sunnah wal-Jamā’ah. This currently represents our biggest challenge in the region, and Allah knows best. 
since the days of the Mughal emperors. The Husseini Dalan temple in Dhaka was built in “1642” during the reign of Sha- jahan. Also, many of the Nawabs (semi-autonomous rulers under the Mughal emperors) in Bengal were Rāfidah. It is difficult to find a thorough, documented history of the Rāfidah in Bengal as they are well-known for practicing “taqiyyah.” They are able to mix and blend thoroughly within the Sunni population here. At pres- ent, there are about 50,000 Rāfidī murtaddīn living in Bengal. 
jihād base in Bengal will facili- tate performing guerilla attacks inside India simultaneously from both sides and facilitate creating a condition of tawahhush in India along with the help of the existing local mujāhidīn there, bi idnillāh, until the soldiers of the Khilāfah are able to enter with a conven- tional army and completely liber- ate the region from the mushrikīn, after first getting rid of the “Paki- stani” and “Afghani” regimes, in- shā’allāh. Also, jihād in Bengal is a stepping-stone for jihād in Burma as already mentioned. 
Allah has chosen us to be from among the soldiers of the Khilā- fah upon the prophetic methodol- ogy despite our great weaknesses and many shortcomings, walham- dulillāh. And we can’t thank Al- lah enough for this blessing. The Prophet g has promised us that this religion will reach wherev- er night and day reaches. And in the authentic hadīth collected in the musnad of Imām Ahmad in which the Prophet g mentioned the various sequential stages the Ummah would go through un- til the Last Day, he g remained silent after mentioning the stage of khilāfah upon the prophetic methodology, indicating that this would be the final stage of the Ummah before the Day of Judg- ment. Thus, we trust this blessed khilāfah will remain until the Last Day and that all the regions in the world, including Bengal, will sooner or later come under its shade and be ruled by what Allah has revealed, inshā’allāh. 
Indeed, it is a great blessing from Allah that He has chosen us to carry the beacon of this light in the region. And now that the plant of khilāfah in Bengal has sprung forth from beneath the ground and become visible, it will continue to grow and expand un- til the Last Day, inshā’allāh, as Al- lah the Most Merciful will protect it from the devils, from among the humans and jinn, who seek to uproot it. Allah c said, {They want to extinguish the light of Al- lah with their mouths, but Allah will perfect His light, although the disbelievers dislike it} [As- Saff: 8]. And those believers who come and water this plant and take care of it until it becomes a fully-grown tree will be rewarded immensely, and we ask Allah to grant us a share of their rewards as sadaqah jāriyah (ongoing charity) until the Day of Judgment. 
SH. ABŪ IBRĀHĪM: The Hin- dus of both Bengal and India have always been waging war against Islam and the Muslims. The only difference is that the Hindus in India show their animosity to- wards Islam and the Muslims openly whereas the Hindus in Bengal do it in a more deceptive and covert manner due to them being a minority sect here. The Hindus in Bengal are very active in creating anti-Islamic propa- ganda in both mass media and social media, and in spreading fāhishah among the Muslims of Bengal. In fact, a large number of the anti-Islamic propagandists in Bengal actually adhered to this filthy, cow-worshiping reli- gion initially before becoming full-fledged atheists and denying “religion” entirely. Also, many of the high-ranking positions within the forces of the tāghūt in the po- 
lice and intelligence in Bengal are now occupied by the Hindus, as the murtadd, secular Hasina gov- ernment sees these filthy pagans as die-hard party loyalists. Further- more, the Hindus in Bengal are well-known for supporting Indi- an intelligence (RAW) against the Muslims in Bengal since the days of the so-called “Bangladesh Lib- eration War” in “1971.” Thus, we believe Sharī’ah in Bengal won’t be achieved until the local Hin- dus are targeted in mass numbers and until a state of polarization is created in the region, dividing between the believers and the dis- believers, bi idhnillāh. And Allah knows best. 
SH. ABŪ IBRĀHĪM: By the grace of Allah, we are able to con- nect and cooperate with the mu- jāhidīn in the various wilāyāt of the Khilāfah, including the broth- ers in Wilāyat Khurāsān, walham- dulillāh. Indeed, the Jamā’ah of the Muslims, represented by the present khilāfah, is like a single body in which the different body parts work together with a single head. We ask Allah to unite all the mujāhidīn under the shade of the Khilāfah and strengthen the unity of the Muslims. Āmīn. 
ant sects, who are busy misleading the masses. Adhere to the path of guidance brought by the Prophet g and followed by his compan- ions j, for the truly successful one in this world and the Hereaf- ter is the one who has been blessed with guidance from Allah, and the worst of creatures are those whom Allah has deprived of guidance. Allah said, {Indeed, they who dis- believed among the People of the Scripture and the mushrikīn will be in the fire of Hell, abiding eter- nally therein. Those are the worst of creatures. Indeed, they who have believed and done righteous deeds – those are the best of crea- tures} [Al-Bayyinah: 6-7]. He also said, {And, [moreover], this is My path, which is straight, so follow it; and do not follow [other] ways, for you will be separated from His way. This has He instructed you that you may become righteous} [Al-An’ām: 153]. 
properties and their lives in the cause of Allah. It is those who are the truthful} [Al-Hujurāt: 15]. And Allah said, {O you who have believed, fear Allah and be with those who are truthful} [At-Taw- bah: 119]. And there is no doubt that those who are the most truth- ful in this era and age are the ones whom Allah has blessed with the honor of reestablishing the Kh- ilāfah. Allah said, {And We have already written in the book [of Psalms] after the [previous] men- tion that the land is inherited by My righteous servants} [Al-Anbi- yā’: 105]. 
Therefore, hasten to pledge allegiance to the Khalīfah of the Muslims and join the ranks of the Khilāfah’s soldiers. I advise you to “adhere to the jamā’ah of the Muslims and their imām” as the Prophet g advised Hud- hayfah h when asked about the end of times. And indeed we are approaching the Hour and the ground is being prepared for the final battle of al-Malhamah, and undoubtedly the final victory will be for the believers, bi idhnillāh. Also, I advise you to join us and perform jihād with your 
wealth and your lives, as it is an obligation upon every capable Muslim. There is no way to es- tablish the religion other than the path of qitāl. So leave the Dunyā behind and hasten to join us on the battlefield. And know that we are not calling on you to join us due to our small numbers or our lack of military strength, for in- deed we are strong with the help of Allah alone, walhamdulillāh. And we have certainty that we will be victorious by Allah’s sup- port, sooner rather than later, in- shā’allāh. 
We are not worried about our small numbers or our lack of mil- itary strength, for how can we be worried about that when Allah said, {How many a small compa- ny has overcome a large company by permission of Allah} [Al-Baqa- rah: 249]. How can we be worried about our lack of numbers or our lack of military strength when this was the very state of the Prophet g and his companions initially before Allah blessed them with victory and consolidation follow- ing a lengthy period of sabr and yaqīn. Allah c said, {And re- member when you were few and 
oppressed in the land, fearing that people might abduct you, but He sheltered you, supported you with His victory, and provided you with good things – that you might be grateful} [Al-Anfāl: 26]. How can we be worried about a lack of numbers or a lack of strength when Allah c said, {And sufficient was Allah for the be- lievers in battle, and ever is Allah Powerful and Exalted in Might} [Al-Ahzāb: 25]. How can we be worried about a lack of numbers or a lack of strength when Allah c said, {And it was incumbent upon Us to support the believers} [Ar-Rūm: 47]. 
We are certain of our victory in both this world and in the Here- after, inshā’allāh, for our truthful Prophet g has promised us, “A party of my Ummah will continue to fight in obedience to the com- mand of Allah, crushing its ene- mies. They will not be harmed by those who oppose them. They will remain in this condition until the Hour overtakes them” [Report- ed by Muslim from ‘Uqbah Ibn ‘Āmir]. He g also said, “There will not cease to be a party from my Ummah manifest upon the 
Thus, O Muslims of Bengal, we are not asking you for support out of weakness, for we will be victorious by the support of Al- lah alone whether you join us or not. Rather, we are inviting you to embark towards a life of honor by answering the call of Allah c and His Messenger g and perform- ing jihād for the cause of Allah so that you may save yourselves from humiliation and punishment in both this world and the Hereafter. Allah c said, {Those who believe fight in the cause of Allah} [An- Nisā’: 76]. And He c said, {In- deed, Allah loves those who fight in His cause in a row as though they are a [single] structure joined firmly} [As-Saff: 4]. So whoever of you claims to be a believer, let him join us and let us fight the disbe- lievers altogether just as they fight us altogether. We ask Allah to grant us all the true understand- ing of the religion and to keep us firm against the disbelievers. Āmīn. 
Rasūlullāh g said, “When the Dajjāl emerges, a person from the believers le- aves for him. The armed guards of the Dajjāl encounter him and then say to him, ‘Where are you going?’ He says, ‘I am going to see this person who has emerged.’ They say to him ‘Do you not believe in our lord?’ He says, ‘There is nothing obscure about our Lord!’ They say, ‘Kill him.’ Then some amongst them say, ‘Has your lord not forbidden you from killing anyone without his permission?’ Thus, they take him to the Dajjāl. When the believer sees him, he says, ‘O people, he is the Dajjāl whom Rasūlullāh g spoke of.’ The Dajjāl then orders for him to be placed upon his belly; the Dajjāl then says, ‘Take hold of him and beat him until he bleeds.’ His back and belly are then extensively bea- ten. Then the Dajjāl asks him, ‘Do you not believe in me?’ He says, ‘You are the liar Messiah.’ The Dajjāl then orders him to be sawn in half from the parting of his hair until his legs are separated. Thereafter, the Dajjāl will walk between the two halves. He then says to him, ‘Arise.’ He then stands erect. The Dajjāl then says to him, ‘Do you not believe in me?’ The believer replies, ‘My insight con- cerning your reality has only increased.’ The believer then says, ‘O people, he will not do the same as he did to me with any person after me.’ The Dajjāl then takes hold of him to kill him. What is between his neck and collarbone is then made into metal, thus the Dajjāl finds no means to kill him. Therefore, he takes hold of him by his hand and feet and throws him. The people think that he has thrown him into Hellfire whereas he has been thrown into Paradise. To the Lord of the creation, he is the greatest person in regards to shahādah” [Reported by Muslim from Abū Sa’īd al-Khudrī]. 
what entails both their welfare in the worldly life and their salvation in the Hereafter. They wage war against their Creator, His word, His law, His Messenger, and His slaves. And they shamelessly confess their disbe- lief in His wisdom, mercy, and justice, by thinking that the Lord c would abandon His religion and His slaves to the tyranny of His enemies and their evilness. And despite their wretched condition of ignorance and arrogance, we take this occasion of multiple mas- sacres inflicted upon their citizens and interests to call them once again to the religion of pure monotheism, truth, mercy, justice, and the sword. Between the re- lease of this issue of Dabiq and the next slaughter to be executed against them by the hidden soldiers of the Caliphate – who are ordered to attack without delay – the Crusaders can read into why Muslims hate and fight them, why pagan Christians should break their crosses, why liberalist secularists should return to the fitrah (natural human disposition), and why skeptical atheists should recognize their Creator and submit to Him. In essence, we explain why they must abandon their infidelity and accept Islam, the religion of sin- cerity and submission to the Lord of the heavens and the earth.1 
After the attacks in Orlando (USA), Dhaka (Ban- gladesh), Magnanville, Nice, and Normandy (France), and Würzburg and Ansbach (Germany) led to the martyrdom of twelve soldiers of the Caliphate and the deaths and injuries of more than six hundred Crusad- ers, one would expect the cross-worshipers and dem- ocratic pagans of the West to pause and contemplate the reasons behind the animosity and enmity held by Muslims for Westerners and even take heed and con- sider repentance by abandoning their infidelity and accepting Islam. But the fever and delusion caused by sin, superstition, and secularism have numbed what is left of their minds and senses. Their hedonic addic- tions and heathenish doctrines have enslaved them to false gods including their clergy, their legislatures, and their lusts. As for worshiping the Creator alone and following His Final Messenger g, then that is beyond their consideration. Instead, they wage war against 
They will find in the pages of this issue the details of our message to them on the issues of Christianity, feminism, liberalism, and atheism. However, the ulti- mate message of the Prophet Muhammad g, the rev- elation he was dispatched with – the Quran and the Sunnah – and the message of all past prophets from Adam to Muhammad  has been the same through- out history: There is no ilah but Allah. The ilah lin- guistically being “what deserves worship,” i.e. nothing and no one deserves worship except Allah. Allah is the proper name of the Lord and the Creator of the Heavens and the Earth. It is derived from the same word ilah and is similar in root to the name of the Creator as found in all Semitic languages, including the Hebrew spoken by the Prophets of the Children of Israel. In the Hebrew tongue, they would suppli- cate the Lord saying “Elohim,” which corresponds in Arabic to “Allahumm;” the suffix “him” of Hebrew and “humm” of Arabic – sometimes referred to as the “majestic plural” – affixed to “Eloh” and “Allah” is to emphasize His reverence and the supplicant’s humil- ity. He is to be worshiped alone as He alone is the Creator of the heavens and the earth, He alone is the Lord of the heavens and the earth, and He alone has the loftiest attributes, including knowledge, power, justice, mercy, wisdom, beauty, honor, majesty, etc. If some of His creation manifests praiseworthy traits, then this is only due to His design and His guidance; the traits of the creation can never be on par with His perfect attributes. This is why He deserves worship alone and why no person or object can ever deserve worship. 
and contrary to the fitrah that not even the pre-Is- lamic pagan Arabs believed in such. Instead, their paganism was in supplicating idols representing the righteous; they would do so seeking the intercession of the righteous on their behalf before Allah c. How- ever, at times of severe calamity, they would abandon their idols and supplicate Allah alone. Allah c said, “And when they board a ship, they supplicate Allah, being sincere to Him in religion. But when He de- livers them to the land, they immediately give shares of worship to other than Him” (Al-‘Ankabut 65). Ac- cordingly, this part of the fitrah – recognition of Allah’s lordship alone – was emphasized by all the prophets in their mission to bring back their pagan peoples to the abandoned part of the fitrah – worship of Allah alone. Allah c said, “And if you asked them, ‘Who created the heavens and the earth?’ they would surely say, ‘Allah.’ Say, ‘Then have you considered what you supplicate besides Allah? If Allah intended me harm, are they removers of His harm; or if He intended me mercy, are they withholders of His mercy?’ Say, ‘Suf- ficient for me is Allah; in Him the trusting put their trust’” (Az-Zumar 38). He c also said, “Say, ‘Who provides for you from the heaven and the earth? Or who controls hearing and sight and who brings the living out of the dead and brings the dead out of the living and who arranges [every] matter?’ They will say, ‘Allah.’ So say, ‘Then will you not fear Him?’” (Yunus 31), meaning, will you not fear Him by worshiping Him alone and obeying Him only? 
deserves worship and obedience save Allah. He is to be worshiped alone via love, hope, fear, supplica- tion, prostration, sacrificial slaughter, etc. He is to be obeyed alone by following His Final Messenger g, seeking judgment from His law, implementing His law, rejecting every law legislated by other than Him, and abandoning any laws abrogated by Him. Allah c is the Wise, the All-Knowing, the Merciful, and the Gracious. His law is just and all other laws are ultimately plagued with imperfection and oppression. These meanings are expounded upon in numer- ous verses of the Quran. “Legislation is not but for Allah. He has commanded that you worship not ex- cept Him. That is the correct religion, but most of the people do not know” (Yusuf 40). “[Say], ‘Then is it other than Allah I should seek as judge while it is He who has revealed to you the Book explained in detail?’” (Al-An’am 114). “And the word of your Lord has been fulfilled in truth and in justice. None can alter His words, and He is the Hearing, the Knowing” (Al-An’am 115). “Is it the judgment of [the era of] ignorance they desire? But who is better than Allah in judgment for a people who are certain [in faith]” (Al- Maidah 50). “Or have they other ‘partners’ who have legislated for them a religion, which Allah has not permitted?” (Ash-Shura 21). “Is not Allah the most just of judges?” (At-Tin 8). “And follow what is re- vealed to you, [O Muhammad], and be patient until Allah will judge. And He is the best of judges” (Yunus 109). “Have you not seen those who claim to have be- lieved in what was revealed to you, [O Muhammad], and what was revealed before you? They wish to refer legislation to false gods, while they were commanded to reject it; and Satan wishes to lead them far astray” (An-Nisa 60). “And Allah shares not His legislation with anyone” (Al-Kahf 26). “And in anything over 
which you disagree – its ruling is [to be referred] to Allah. [Say], ‘That is Allah, my Lord; upon Him I have relied, and to Him I turn’” (Ash-Shura 10). “And judge, [O Muhammad], between them by what Allah has revealed and do not follow their inclinations and beware of them, lest they tempt you away from some of what Allah has revealed to you” (Al-Maidah 49). “So do not fear the people but fear Me, and do not ex- change My verses for a small price. And whoever does not judge by what Allah has revealed – then it is those who are the disbelievers” (Al-Maidah 44). “And We did not send any messenger except to be obeyed by the permission of Allah” (An-Nisa 64). “Say, [O Mu- hammad], ‘If you should love Allah, then follow me, [so] Allah will love you and forgive you your sins. And Allah is Forgiving and Merciful.’ Say, ‘Obey Allah and the Messenger.’ But if they turn away – then indeed, Allah does not like the disbelievers” (Al ‘Imran 31- 32). “And We have revealed to you, [O Muhammad], the Book in truth, confirming that which preceded it of the Scripture and as a criterion over it. So judge between them by what Allah has revealed and do not follow their inclinations away from what has come to you of the truth” (Al-Maidah 48). “And whoever desires other than Islam as religion – never will it be accepted from him, and he, in the Hereafter, will be among the losers” (Al ‘Imran 85). 
As for the secularism of modern times, then this was the religion of Midian, who claimed not to un- derstand why worship of Allah necessitated obeying His laws. “And to Midian [We sent] their brother Shu’ayb. He said, ‘O my people, worship Allah; you have no god other than Him. And do not decrease from the measure and the scale. Indeed, I see you in prosperity, but indeed, I fear for you the punishment of an all-encompassing Day. And O my people, give 
full measure and weight in justice and do not deprive the people of their due and do not commit abuse on the earth, spreading corruption. What remains [law- ful] from Allah is best for you, if you would be be- lievers. But I am not a guardian over you.’ They said, ‘O Shu’ayb, does your prayer command you that we should leave what our fathers worship or not do with our wealth what we please? Indeed, you are the for- bearing, the discerning!’ He said, ‘O my people, have you considered, [how could I abandon my message] if I am upon clear evidence from my Lord and He has provided me with good provision from Him? And I do not intend to differ from you in that which I have forbidden you; I only intend reform as much as I am able. And my success is not but through Allah. Upon him I have relied, and to Him I return. And O my people, let not [your] dissension from me cause you to be struck by that similar to what struck the people of Noah or the people of Hud or the people of Salih. And the people of Lot are not far off from you. And ask forgiveness of your Lord and then repent to Him. Indeed, my Lord is Merciful and Affectionate.’ They said, ‘O Shu’ayb, we do not understand much of what you say, and indeed, we consider you as weak among us. And if not for your family, we would have stoned you [to death]; and you are not to us one respected.’ He said, ‘O my people, is my family more respect- ed for power by you than Allah? But you put Him behind your backs [in neglect]. Indeed, my Lord is encompassing of what you do. And O my people, act according to your position; indeed, I will act. You are going to know to whom will come a punishment that will disgrace him and who is a liar. So wait; indeed, I am waiting along with you [for the outcome].’ And when Our command came, We saved Shu’ayb and those who believed with him, by mercy from Us. And the shriek seized those who had wronged, and they became within their homes [corpses] fallen prone as if they had never prospered therein. Then, away with Midian as Thamud was taken away” (Hud 84-95). Hence, secularist Midian was destroyed just like pa- gan Thamud.2 
said, “We have already sent [messengers] to nations before you, [O Muhammad]; then We seized them with poverty and hardship that perhaps they might humble themselves [to Us]” (Al-An’am 42). Western- ers facing the collapse of their so-called “civilizations” through their wicked deeds and the righteous deeds of the mujahidin should be asking themselves sever- al questions, including: How do they claim to love the Lord yet they worship persons and objects besides Him? How do they claim to fear Him yet they adopt the legislations of their whims and desires? How do they claim to revere Him yet they mock the proph- ets and messengers whom He sent to mankind and the revelation and laws with which they came? How do they claim to be monotheistic and claim to know Him as being the One and Only, the Merciful, the Just and Wise God yet they attribute to Him a moth- er, a son, a partner, and the Trinity, believe He is un- able to forgive mankind for their “original sin” except by having one of His most beloved men unjustly bear their burdens and be crucified on their behalf, and declare that the laws He legislates are cruel, barbar- ic, and unfit for modern times? Where is your servi- tude to Him? Where is your respect of what He loves? Where is the residue of sound intellect, which would immediately reject the superstitious beliefs of Trini- ty and atonement through the crucifixion of Jesus? Where is your humility before the Almighty? Do you insist upon abandoning the fitrah and succumbing to the misguidance of your forefathers, as Allah c de- scribed the infidels of the past, saying, “And similarly, We did not send before you any warner into a city except that its affluent said, ‘Indeed, we found our fathers upon a religion, and indeed we will follow in their footsteps’” (Az-Zukhruf 23)? 
Allah c said, “Indeed, in the creation of the heav- ens and the earth and the alternation of the night and the day are signs for those of understanding, those who remember Allah while standing or sitting or ly- ing on their sides and give thought to the creation of the heavens and the earth, saying, ‘Our Lord, You did not create this aimlessly; exalted are You [above such a thing]; then protect us from the punishment of the Fire’” (Al ‘Imran 190-191).1 
‘Amir Ibn ‘Abd Qays  said, “I heard more than one, two, and three of the companions of Muham- mad g say, ‘The light of faith is contemplation.’” It was also said to al-Awza’i , “What is the ultimate contemplation of these [above-referenced] verses?” He responded, “To read them with comprehension.” Umm ad-Darda  was asked, “What was the best worship practiced by Abud-Darda?” She responded, “Contemplation and heeding examples.” And both 
It was a very cold day on ribat (frontier guarding) near the Layramun industrial zone during the winter sometime between late “2012” and early “2013.” It was my shift and I was shivering as I sat on a rock at my post. Using night vision goggles, I monitored for any Nusayri troop movement that might advance upon us from the direction of Khalidiyyah. Suddenly something moved nearby, less than two meters away. It grabbed my attention, distracting me. I noticed it was a cat, cold like myself. It observed me for a few seconds as I observed it. It appeared to consider whether or not I was an aggressive or compassionate soul, then advanced towards me, leaped on my lap, and began purring. The whole ordeal led me to reflect more. It was a creature, with a soul, able to observe another creature, with a soul, and then determine if the other creature would be welcoming or not, and finally decide to take the risk of intruding upon this other creature’s lap for the sake of comfort and warmth. How great is He who created both of these 
It was a moment of reflection like no other, a bless- ing from Allah c. After my shift was over, I rushed to speak about it with another murabit, Abul-Muthanna as-Sumali2 . For several months together, we had both been in the ranks of the Islamic State, then oper- ating in the Levant under the name “Jabhat an-Nus- rah.” I told him about the experience with the cat and he smiled, appreciating Allah’s signs in His creation. 
2 Abul-Muthanna as-Sumali (Ali Dirie) was a man of great character and worship. After being imprisoned by the Crusaders for seven years, he was able to flee Canada despite being banned from travel. He planned, strove, and relied upon Allah alone, until he arrived in the Levant. When I first met him, he would regularly read from the same mushaf that had accompanied him in his Canadian prison cell. Upon the official expansion of the Islamic State to the Levant, he rushed to revive the Muslim Ja- ma’ah through his bay’ah. He was not affected by the doubts of the jihad claimants and remained firm upon his covenant. Sev- eral weeks later, he had a dream in which the Hur (the maidens of Paradise) gave him glad tidings of martyrdom on a specific date (one which I have forgotten). A week before his martyrdom, several of our friends decided to go shopping for new military attire. He told them he wouldn’t be going with them, because he was expecting martyrdom soon, and narrated to them his dream. When that day arrived, it happened that all Islamic State soldiers were placed on alert due to sudden advances of the Nusayri army and their Rafidi allies on the frontlines near Kafar Hamrah (in the northern Aleppo countryside). Abul-Muthanna rushed to battle and advanced in the direction of the enemy, fighting, until he was severely wounded, bleeding until he surrendered his soul to his Lord. Due to the intensity of enemy fire, it was not possi- ble to extract his body from the forward position he had reached. May Allah accept him and add the blessing of caliphate we enjoy today to the scroll of his good deeds and that of all other martyrs. 
The conversation led us to reflect more upon others of Allah’s signs, even expressing our good assumptions on the revival of the caliphate with the continuation of ji- had in the Levant, by Allah’s permission. Abul-Muth- anna later went on his ribat shift, observing the same cat and looking out for any potential Nusayri soldiers. I don’t remember now if it was then or some- time shortly before, when I had sat at our base near Aleppo and penned a list of different signs in Allah’s creation to contemplate while on ribat. I later asked Abul-Muthanna if he’d like me to share the list with him. He was very encouraging. So I read to him dif- ferent items on it and he would comment on how they were undoubtedly from Allah’s many signs mani- festing His wisdom, knowledge, greatness, power, and mercy, as well as His constant support for Islam and the Muslims. It was an invigorating conversation of faith, one which was difficult to hold in the West, as the Muslim would find himself a stranger amongst the herds who had been westernized by the Murtadd Brotherhood. 
Here, I’ll mention briefly some of the signs we had discussed. But before doing so, let me present an ex- ample for the atheists and agnostics of the West who will probably read these words, those odd disbelievers who arrogantly deny Allah and haughtily resist the testimony of their very own fitrah (natural human disposition), which Allah instilled in them. Allah c said, “And it is He who begins creation; then He re- peats it, and that would be easier for Him. His is the sublime example in the heavens and earth. And He is the Exalted in Might, the Wise” (Ar-Rum 27-28). In these verses, Allah c teaches us what the “sublime ex- 
Imagine yourself – O denier – sitting before a sleek supercomputer designed to manage an advanced fac- tory producing suitcase-sized hydrogen bombs. The raw materials are brought to the production line and assembled by intricate androids in a uniformly pre- cise fashion. While you are goofing off playing video games on the supercomputer, someone sends you a message saying that your computer – both its hard- ware and software – as well as the factory, its produc- tion line, its androids, the raw materials, the video game, the message, its author, and even you yourself were the result of distinct, chaotic events resulting in your mouse-clicking inside this meticulously ordered factory! The fitrah does not accept such an argument, and yet the atheist claims it! 
ated for you from yourselves spouses, that you may find tranquility in them; and He placed between you affection and mercy. Indeed in that are signs for a people who give thought” (Ar-Rum 21). This attrac- tion drives the individual to seek a spouse, resulting in generation after generation of men. The attraction between the spouses is something full of wisdom, and yet the arrogant denier considers this phenomenon to be the result of chaos. 
The attraction between the spouses is dependent on many factors, including the senses, most import- ant of which are sight, smell, touch, hearing, and the heart. Each of these senses is a sign in and of itself. The eye, for example, is a complex organ whose smallest blocks are the subatomic particles forming the various cells and tissues of the organ. Each cell is tasked with its role in the optical system. Light is perceived by the eye and its details are passed on to the brain through a sophisticated channel fit to carry visual information. Thereby, the spouses see each other, and this leads to the formation of feelings within the heart. And yet the denier claims the eye and the emotions it breeds are the result of chaos! 
of writing poetry and prose, fiction and non-fiction, spending hours upon hours in these regards, produc- ing sentences from his heart with great meaning and emotion. Allah c said, “Recite, and your Lord is the most Generous – Who taught by the pen, taught man that which he knew not” (Al-‘Alaq 3-5). Even the var- ious languages man speaks are a sign. Allah c said, “And of His signs is the creation of the heavens and the earth and the diversity of your languages and your colors. Indeed in that are signs for those of knowl- edge” (Ar-Rum 22). Thus, the diversity found in the tongues of men – from the Click languages of Africa to the Semitic languages of the Middle East – are a great sign to contemplate. A child might learn Ara- bic growing up and speak it for much of his youth, and later study another language – Hebrew, Persian, English, etc. – to spy on enemy communications or execute operations on enemy ground. He might write eloquent prose in his new language as he had done in his own mother tongue, to call the Jews, Christians, and other disbelievers to Islam. He could even con- struct his own language to encrypt communication back and forth between himself and the Islamic State foreign operations leadership before executing his at- tack against surveyed targets. These inborn skills are found in no other creature besides man. How great is his Fashioner! 
two, a mystery instilled in them by their Creator. The child is born with a number of signs in him, which only a few amongst mankind reflect upon. One of these signs is the mercy placed in the hearts of the par- ents towards this creature who insists on preventing them from sleep night after night. His small, fragile condition observed through their sight and hearing is one of many reasons behind this mercy. But why is it that the child of man is not born a mini-sized adult – with a birth weight of 3 kilograms, but with a mus- tache, a beard, and the remaining facial features of an adult? The innocence in his eyes would not be as per- ceivable by his parents. The cuteness in his smile and laugh triggering the many sensations of happiness in the hearts of both his parents would not truly be there with the absence of his baby fat and chubby cheeks. And again, he is born almost blind, but as he grows, his eyes develop and allow him to perceive the faces of his parents and understand when they are playing with him and know that they love him. His hearing allows him to grow and speak like his parents do and speak in other languages like the parents of other chil- dren do, and thereafter possibly compete with those poets who preceded him throughout history. 
drought. Allah c said, “Say, ‘Have you considered if Allah should make for you the night continuous until the Day of Resurrection, what god other than Allah could bring you light? Then will you not hear?’ Say, ‘Have you considered if Allah should make for you the day continuous until the Day of Resurrection, what god other than Allah could bring you a night in which you may rest? Then will you not see?’ And out of His mercy He made for you the night and the day that you may rest therein and seek from His bounty and that perhaps you will be grateful” (Al-Qasas 71- 
73). He c also said, “And it is He who sends down rain from the sky, and We produce thereby the growth of all things. We produce from it greenery from which We produce grains arranged in layers. And from the palm trees – of its emerging fruit are clusters hanging low. And We produce gardens of grapevines and olives and pomegranates, similar yet varied. Look at each of its fruit when it yields and at its ripening. Indeed in that are signs for a people who believe” (Al-An’am 99). 
Amongst the creatures man might also utilize for food is the honey bee. The bee colony – essentially a honey factory – is composed of workers tasked with various jobs: cleaners, fanners, foragers, water carriers, guards, builders, feeders, attendants, sealers, packers, etc., in addition to the queen and the drones. The colony would not survive or carry on to other gener- ations without each of these roles being filled by a se- lect group of bees. The different members of the colony all know their responsibilities and are able to communicate with each other in a language unknown to other creatures. The various bees tasked with distinct jobs were not the result of chaos, nor is the honey pro- duced by these bees and collected by man. Allah c said, “And your Lord inspired to the bee, ‘Take for yourself houses among the mountains and among the trees and in that which man constructs. Then eat from all the fruits and follow the ways of your Lord laid down for you.’ There emerges from their bellies a drink, varying in colors, in which there is healing for people. Indeed in that is a sign for a people who give thought” (An- Nahl 68-69). And yet the disbeliever’s arro- gance does not allow him to acknowledge these signs! 
Furthermore, man was not left without some immunity to the varied poisons, par- asites, viruses, and bacteria of Earth. If he finds himself sick, his body is able to repel many of the illnesses to which he is exposed. His im- mune system has the ability to produce white blood cells, antibodies, and fever, to repel most intruders. His digestive system – consisting of his liver, kidneys, gallbladder, and other organs – is also fit to remove many toxins that might have contaminated his food, never mind the role this system plays in extracting from his food the nutrients needed for his survival and the production of blood and cells required for growth and healing. Thus, generations of man do not die out and thereby leave the Earth void of his pres- ence. And yet the disbeliever thinks his placement on Earth is the result of mere chaos. 
something greater. All of these emotions also serve him in his worship of his Lord. If he is struck by sor- row, he turns to his Lord in prayer, asking Him to lift the sorrows. If he is affected by happiness, he turns to his Lord in thanks. He loves his Lord and loves all that his Lord loves. He also hates for his Lord’s sake all that which his Lord hates. And there is a thirst in his soul for something greater than all that which he sees and hears, to be near his Lord in the Heavens. 
Man also has a curiosity that leads him to invent things, by his Lord’s permission. He invented the cart, the automobile, the airplane, the supercomputer, and the hydrogen bomb. These inventions were not the result of a man sitting down on a paper scribbling randomly. Rather, he sat and reflected day after day to invent such constructions. There were those famous physicists, chemists, and mathematicians – the sup- posed “geniuses” who only reflected upon the uni- verse, forgetting its Creator and their duties towards Him. These so-called “geniuses” had minds capable of observation, analysis, and deduction, that led to the most complex machines and sciences of the era, the likes of integral calculus, nuclear physics, object-ori- ented programming, and the thermonuclear bomb. These advanced sciences and technologies – which the disbeliever claims are the result of chaos – are the basis of the hydrogen bomb factory upon whose supercom- puter he plays video games. 
The intelligence, memory, and self-recognition of man has driven some men to build androids with sup- posed artificial “intelligence,” essentially a set of al- gorithms implemented in the hardware and software of a robotic computer, but one that will never grant it the reality of intelligence that man enjoys, nor the emotions and the resultant friendship and compan- ionship he relishes. Still, these complex constructions – according to the disbeliever – are the invention of a being whose existence was the result of chaos! How much more so are his androids worthy of being at- tributed to chaos! 
This creature known as man and his longing for something greater split the creation into two camps, a camp that utilizes its love and hate in submission to its Creator, with faith in His messenger, and another camp that utilizes its love and hate in submission to its desires, with faith in its doubts. These camps have waged war against each other since the time Noah n called mankind to worship their Lord alone. The con- flict continued until sects of the arrogant camp – sects which were scattered before throughout the earth – 
gathered in Palestine despite such a gathering seem- ing almost impossible before. Meanwhile, their allies gathered in the northern Levant, despite the death and destruction they had faced in Iraq and Afghani- stan. At the same time, the camp of sincerity gathered in the Levant and Iraq and spread to other corners of the earth, reviving thereby the Caliphate, which had been absent for centuries, since the collapse of the Abbasid state. The battle between the Muslims and the Jews, between the Muslims and the Romans, and the revival of the Caliphate, were all from among the signs foretold by the Prophet g through revelation. And yet, the disbeliever doubts! 
Indeed, it is Allah c who prepared the Earth for the bloodiest battle before the Hour, to see His slaves sweat in spilling their blood and that of His enemies. All the factors were laid down precisely. The Crusad- ers and the Jews in the Levant, the Rafidah in Iraq and Persia, and the Caliphate in the center. It is the clash of encampments – “civilizations” – that many saw coming, as it is found in Allah’s signs throughout history and current events. And yet the denier claims that all this is the result of mere chaos! 
To conclude, the denier should contemplate his feeble arrogance and contrast it with the many signs of his Creator including those found in himself. He should repent from his hubris, recognize his Lord and submit to Him by following His final messenger, Mu- hammad g. As for the Muslim, he should continue reflecting upon Allah’s signs, as this is one of the great- est acts of worship and among the best means to in- crease his faith. And when contemplating the signs of Allah, he should also recognize the immense blessings and favors they hold. The attraction between a man and his spouse that satisfies one’s longing for com- panionship and ensures mankind’s continued procre- ation, the honey produced by bees and the healing properties contained therein, the alternation between night and day which allows mankind to both rest and seek livelihood, the human being’s complex biological makeup which includes the means to fight off sickness – all of these are among the signs that contain bless- ings from the Lord of the creation. As such, one who fails to contemplate Allah’s signs will also fail to recog- nize and acknowledge many of the favors his Lord has bestowed upon him. “And remember when your Lord proclaimed, ‘If you are grateful, I will surely increase you [in favor]; but if you deny, indeed, My punish- ment is severe’” (Ibrahim 7). 
Following the Treaty of Hudaybiyah in the 6th year after the prophetic hijrah to Madinah, the Muslim State, led by the Prophet g, took advantage of its temporary truce with the pagan tribe of Quraysh to begin spreading the light of Islam to the farther re- gions of the Arabian Peninsula and to the lands be- yond. The Prophet g sent his couriers to the rulers of various lands, conveying to them the message of Is- lam, inviting them to embrace the religion and follow him upon the path of guidance, and warning them that if they refused they would be responsible for the disbelief and misguidance of their subjects. Among those rulers to whom the Prophet g sent his letters were the Abyssinian king, Ashamah Ibn Abjar, known as Najashi (Negus), the Coptic Egyptian king Jurayj Ibn Mina, known as Muqawqas, and the Byzantine Emperor, Heraclius. These three Christian rulers each received the message of Islam, but their reactions and responses differed. 
In the case of Ashamah, who had sheltered several dozen of the Prophet’s companions in his kingdom – including his cousin Ja’far  – when they fled from the persecution of the pagans in Makkah, he recog- nized the truth of Islam and was quick to declare the divine nature of the Prophet’s message before his royal court. This occurred when the tribe of Quraysh sent two representatives to him in order to request that he hand over Ja’far and the Muslims who were with him so they could be returned to Makkah. 
The two representatives, ‘Amr Ibn al-‘As and ‘Ab- dullah Ibn Abi Rabi’ah, brought with them gifts for Ashamah and his patriarchs. They first presented their gifts to the patriarchs and explained to them the request they would make of Ashamah in the hopes that the patriarchs would support them and advise Ashamah to concede to their request. The patriarchs accepted the gifts and agreed to do so. The two repre- sentatives then entered into Ashamah’s presence, pre- sented him with their gifts, and then spoke to him, saying, “O king, indeed some foolish youth have tak- en refuge in your land. They have left the religion of their people and have not entered into your religion. They have come with a new religion that they have invented and which is not known to us or to you. We have been sent to you, with respect to them, by the dignitaries of our people, from among their fathers, their uncles, and their clans, so that you would return [these youth] to them, for they know them best and are more knowledgeable of that for which they fault them and admonish them.” 
The patriarchs said, “They have spoken truthfully, O king. Turn them over so that they can be returned to their people and their land.” Ashamah, however, wanted to hear the other side of the story, so he sum- moned the Muslims and asked them, “What is this religion over which you have left your people, and be- cause of which you have not entered into my religion nor into any of these other religions?” Ja’far , the 
“We remained this way until Allah sent to us a mes- senger from among us whose lineage, truthfulness, trustworthiness, and chastity we knew. He called us to the oneness of Allah, ordering us to worship Him and abandon what we and our fathers were worship- ing besides Him of stones and idols, and ordered us to be truthful in speech, to render trusts [to whom they are due], to mend family ties, to be good to our neighbors, and to withhold from forbidden matters and unlawful bloodshed, and he forbade upon us for- nication, false speech, devouring an orphan’s wealth, and accusing chaste women of fornication. He com- manded us to worship Allah alone and not make any partners for Him in worship and ordered us with prayer, zakah (charity), and fasting. So we affirmed his truthfulness and believed in him, and we followed him in what he had brought us of Allah’s religion.” “We worshiped Allah alone, not making any part- ners for Him, prohibited what he forbade upon us, and allowed what he permitted for us, so our peo- ple became hostile towards us. They tortured us and sought to turn us away from our religion through enticement and oppression in order to take us back to worshiping idols instead of Allah the Exalted, and to permitting the wicked things we used to permit. Thus, when they subjugated us, oppressed us, made things difficult for us, and stood between us and our religion, we left for your land. We chose you over oth- ers besides you, and we desired your protection and hoped that we would not be wronged in your pres- ence, O king.” 
Ashamah asked him, “Do you have anything of that which he has come with from Allah?” Ja’far replied, “Yes.” So Ashamah said, “Then read it to me.” So Ja’far read to him from the first section of Surat Maryam. Ashamah wept until his beard became wet and his pa- triarchs also wept until their books became wet when they heard what Ja’far recited to them. Ashamah then said, “Indeed, this and what Jesus came with have come from the same lamp.” He then told the two representatives from Quraysh, “Go, for by Allah I will not surrender them to you and they will not be harmed.” So they left, and ‘Amr said to ‘Abdullah, “By Allah, tomorrow I will bring to him something from them by which I will uproot their joy.” 
The next day, ‘Amr said to Ashamah, “O king, they utter a tremendous statement concerning Jesus Son of Mary.”1 So Ashamah summoned Ja’far and the Mus- lims with him and asked them what they say about Jesus. Ja’far said, “We say about him like our prophet g taught us – that he is the slave of Allah, His mes- senger, His [chosen] spirit, and His word which He cast into the pure virgin Mary.” Ashamah then picked up a cane and said, “By Allah, Jesus Son of Mary does not exceed what you have mentioned so much as the length of this cane.” His patriarchs then snorted, so he said to them, “By Allah, even if you snort!” (Sirat Ibn Hisham). 
“As for what follows: Your letter has reached me, O Messenger of Allah, including what you mentioned of the matter of Jesus. By the Lord of the heavens and the earth, Jesus is not more than what you say. In- deed, he is as you have stated. We have learned that with which you have been sent to us, and we have hosted your cousin and his companions. Thus, I bear witness, with truth and affirmation, that you are the Messenger of Allah, and I pledge allegiance to you. I have pledged allegiance to your cousin and, at his hands, have submitted to Allah, the Lord of creation” (Zad al-Ma’ad). 
Thus, after having been entrusted with the care and protection of the noble family and companions of the Prophet g, Ashamah’s relationship with Allah’s Mes- senger g took on a new turn. By embracing Islam, he had effectively nullified his loyalty to the disbelievers and grasped the firm handhold of Islam, making it the only scale that would define his relationship with oth- ers. This became manifest when he cut off his ties to the Byzantine emperor, Heraclius, by cancelling the tribute he used to pay to him. Ibnul-Qayyim men- tions that when the Prophet g sent ‘Amr Ibn al-‘As to the two kings of Oman with his letter calling them 
to embrace Islam, ‘Amr met with the younger of the two brothers ruling the land, answered several of his inquiries, and informed him that Ashamah had em- braced Islam.2 The king stated his belief that the Byz- antine emperor, Heraclius, was unaware of this, but ‘Amr informed him that he was indeed aware of the fact. When he asked ‘Amr how he came to know this, ‘Amr informed him that Ashamah used to pay a trib- ute to Heraclius, but upon embracing Islam he ceased paying any further tributes, saying, “No, by Allah! If he were to ask me for a single dirham, I wouldn’t give it to him” (Zad al-Ma’ad). 
In the case of Heraclius, the Prophet g sent Dihy- ah al-Kalbi  to the leader of Busra with his letter so that he would forward it to Heraclius. ‘Abdullah Ibn ‘Abbas  narrates that Abu Sufyan Ibn Harb  informed him that Heraclius sent for him when he was with a caravan of Quraysh doing business in the Levant during the period in which Allah’s Messenger g had made a truce with Abu Sufyan and the disbe- 
lievers of Quraysh.3 So he and his companions came to Heraclius while he was in Jerusalem. Heraclius summoned them to his royal court with Roman lead- ers present. He then called them forward and called for his translator, and then said, “Who amongst you is most closely related to this man who claims to be a prophet?” Abu Sufywan said, “I am the one most closely related.” He then said, “Bring him close to me and have them stand behind him.” He then told his translator, “Tell them that I’m going to ask him about this man [the Prophet], so if he lies to me they should dispute him.” 
When narrating the incident to Ibn ‘Abbas, Abu Sufyan said, “By Allah, were it not that I was afraid they would catch me lying, I would have lied about him. Then, the first thing he asked me was, ‘What is the status of his lineage amongst you?’ I said, ‘He has a noble lineage among us.’ He said, ‘Has anyone amongst you ever made this claim [of prophethood]?’ I said, ‘No.’ He said, ‘Was any of his forefathers a king?’ I said, ‘No.’ He said, ‘Is it the nobles who fol- low him or the weak?’ I said, ‘It is the weak.’ He said, ‘Do they continue to increase in number or decrease?’ I said, ‘They increase.’ He said, ‘Does anyone of them renounce his religion due to disliking it after having entered into it?’ I said, ‘No.’ He said, ‘Have you ever accused him of telling lies before he made his claim?’ I said, ‘No.’ He said, ‘Does he commit treachery?’ I said, ‘No, but we are in a period of truce with him and 
do not know what he will do in it.’ I didn’t find any opportunity to say anything against him other than that. He then said, ‘Have you battled him?’ I said, ‘Yes.’ He said, ‘What were the outcomes of your bat- tles with him?’ I said, ‘The war between us alternates back and forth; he afflicts us and we afflict him.’ He said, ‘What does he order you with?’ I said, ‘He tells us, ‘Worship Allah alone and do not make any part- ners for Him, and leave what your forefathers used to say.’ He orders us with prayer, charity, truthfulness, chastity, and upholding family ties.’” 
“He then said to his translator, ‘Say to him, ‘I asked you about his lineage and you mentioned that he has a noble lineage amongst you. Such is how the messen- gers are; they are from the noble lineages of their peo- ple. I asked you if anyone amongst you had ever made this claim [of prophethood] and you said, ‘No.’ I had said to myself that if anyone had made this claim be- fore him I would have thought he was just a man im- itating something that had been said by someone else before him. I asked you if any of his forefathers had been a king and you said, ‘No.’ I had said to myself that if any of his forefathers had been a king I would have thought he was a man seeking to reclaim his father’s kingdom. I asked you if you had ever accused him of telling lies before he had made his claim and you said, ‘No,’ and I knew that he would not avoid telling lies about the people and then lie about Allah. I asked you if it were the nobles who followed him or the weak and you said it was the weak who followed him, and in fact, it is they who are typically the followers of the messengers. I asked you if they continued to increase in number or decrease and you said they continued to increase, and in fact, such is the matter of faith until it is completed. I asked you if anyone renounced his religion due to disliking it after having entered into it and you said, ‘No,’ and such is faith when its delight enters the heart and mixes with it. I asked you if he committed treachery and you said, ‘No,’ and likewise the messengers do not commit treachery. I asked you what he ordered you with and you said that he or- dered you to worship Allah alone and not make any partners for Him, forbade you from worshiping idols, and ordered you with prayer, truthfulness, and chas- tity. If what you say is true then he will soon possess [the kingdom] beneath my feet. Indeed, I knew that he was to emerge but I did not think he would come from you (i.e. the Arabs). If I were certain that I could reach him I would hasten to meet him, and if I were with him I would wash his feet.’” 
In considering the Prophet’s call, Heraclius wrote to his friend in Rome who was comparable to himself in his level of knowledge, and then set out traveling to Hims. Before he departed from Hims, he received a response from his friend in Rome, who agreed with his opinion that Muhammad g was indeed a proph- et. So Heraclius summoned the Byzantine leaders to his palace in Hims and then ordered for the gates to be shut. He then addressed them, saying, “O peo- ple of Rome, would you desire to attain success and guidance and for your kingdom to remain by pledg- ing allegiance to this prophet?” So they raced to the gates like wild donkeys and found them shut. When Heraclius saw them flee and lost hope of them ac- cepting Islam, he said, “Bring them back to me.” He then told them, “I only said what I said to test your commitment to your religion, and I have seen it.” So they prostrated to him and were pleased with him, and this was the end of Heraclius’ story in relation to Islam (Al-Bukhari). 
hood for fear of losing his kingdom and authority. Less than two years later, in the 8th year following the prophetic hijrah, the war between the Muslims and the Byzantine Empire would commence. The war that would continue for several years before the Byzantines were driven out of the Levant altogether, following their decisive defeat at the Battle of Yarmuk, and forced to retreat to their strongholds in Europe. Thus, Heraclius wound up losing much of his kingdom, be- fore dying a few years later, despite having sacrificed his salvation in the Hereafter in a futile endeavor to preserve his rule. 
“As for what follows: Indeed, I call you with the call of Islam. Embrace Islam and you will be safe. Embrace Islam and Allah will give you a double-reward. If you turn away, then upon you will be the sin of [misguid- ing] the Copts. ‘O People of the Scripture, come to a word that is equitable between us and you – that we will not worship except Allah and not associate any- thing with Him in worship and not take one another as lords instead of Allah.’ But if they turn away, then say, ‘Bear witness that we are Muslims [submitting to Him]’’ (Ali ‘Imran 64).” 
him, saying, “Indeed, there was a man before you who claimed that he was the Lord, Most High, so Allah seized him in exemplary punishment for the last and first [of his transgressions], punishing others by him and then punishing him. So take him as a lesson and do not let others take you as a lesson.” He replied, “Indeed, we have a religion which we will not leave except for that which is better than it.” So Hatib said, “We call you to Allah’s religion; it is the religion of Islam by which Allah compensates the abandonment of any other religion. Indeed, this prophet called the people [to Islam]. The harshest of the people towards him were [the tribe of] Quraysh, the most hostile to- wards him were the Jews, and the closest to [accept- ing] him were the Christians. I swear that Moses’s glad tidings of Jesus were but like Jesus’s glad tidings of Muhammad, and our calling you to the Qur’an is but like the calling of the people of the Torah (i.e. the Jews) to the Gospel. If any prophet reaches a people, they are from those to whom his message is addressed, so it is a duty upon them to obey him. And you are from among those whom this prophet has reached. We do not prevent you from the true religion of the Messiah, rather we order you with it.4” 
manner, stating, “Indeed, I have looked into the af- fair of this prophet and found that he does not com- mand that which is disliked or prohibit that which is desired. I have not found him to be a misguided sorcerer or a lying soothsayer, and I have found the sign of prophethood with him by his revealing of that which is concealed and his informing of that which is discussed secretly, and so I will see.” He then took the letter of the Prophet g and placed it in an ivory box, and then placed his seal upon it and handed it to one of his slave-girls. He then summoned one of his scribes to have him write the following letter to the Prophet g: 
“I have read your letter and understood what you have mentioned in it and what you call to. I have known that there remains a prophet [yet to come] and thought that he would emerge in the Levant. I have honored your messenger, and have sent to you two slave-girls who have a high status among the Copts, in addition to some garments, and have gifted you with a mule for you to ride. Peace be upon you.” 
Just a few years later, the Muslim expansion would reach Egypt during the Caliphate of ‘Umar , and the leader of the Muslim campaign in Egypt, ‘Amr Ibn al-‘As , would reach the gates of Alexandria and offer Jurayj one of three options: Islam, jizyah, or war. He elected to pay jizyah in humiliation, thereby bringing an end to his rule as he opted to remain liv- ing in peace – having been subjugated and dethroned – rather than entering into a prolonged state of war with the Muslims. 
Thus, the differing responses of these three Chris- tian rulers to the call of the Prophet g brought with them varying fates. Ashamah chose Islam and there- by preserved his worldly life in addition to attaining eternal bliss in the Hereafter, whereas Jurayj and Her- aclius rejected the call, each choosing a different op- tion in an endeavor to preserve what he could of his worldly life. Jurayj chose to pay jizyah in the hopes of avoiding imminent bloodshed and slavery and achieving some peace, albeit in a state of humiliation 
These are the same choices placed before the dis- believing Christians today. They have the option of trying to cling to the transient luxuries of this life, rejecting the truth in favor of either paying jizyah to the Islamic State or continuing to wage a futile war against it. Alternatively, they can heed the warning of Allah that the worldly life is not guaranteed even for those who pursue it at the expense of their salvation, and thus choose to embrace Islam, champion the truth, attain the mercy of their Lord, and enter the Gardens of Paradise. 
Since the days of the so-called French Revolution in the West and thereafter the October Revolution in the East, the Christian lands of disbelief have been generally ruled by philosophies at all-out war with the fitrah (inborn human nature)1. The teachings of Dar- win, Marx, Nietzsche, Durkheim, Weber, and Freud made their way into most Western societies through educational systems and media industries designed to produce generations void of any traces of the fitrah. Children – and even adults – were taught that man’s creation was the result of pure chaos, that history was the result of conflicts merely over material resourc- es, that religion was the fabrication of simpleminded men, that the family social unit was adopted merely out of convenience, and that sexual intercourse was the ultimate reason behind man’s decisions and ac- tions. These philosophies led to the destruction of all facets of the fitrah in the lands of Christian pagan- ism. They destroyed the basis of religiosity – albeit a corrupt one fashioned from paganism and tarnished scripture – and what it entailed of morality and soci- ety. 
new battlefronts against the fitrah. Morality and soci- ety for them now were purely relative concepts having no foundation or basis except in what is dictated by financial interest and sexual instinct. Criminals were looked upon as being helpless, misunderstood indi- viduals. The role of man and woman was mixed up, as was the responsibility father and mother had towards daughter and son. Woman need not be a mother, a wife, or a maiden, but rather, she should work like man, rule like man, and have intercourse like an an- imal, without being conscious of her Lord watching both her and her heinous partner in crime. 
The deviance carried on until the so-called “Brave New World” of America and Western Europe began legalizing marijuana, bestiality, transgenderism, sod- omy, pornography, feminism, and other evils, allow- ing the Christian pagans of Europe, America, and Australia to break the crime record of every disbeliev- ing nation to precede them in history, including that of Sodom and Gomorrah. However, hidden in the layers of deep darkness therein, there is a minute trace of suppressed fitrah buried inside a dead heart await- ing the guidance needed to remove the blemishes left by Christian paganism and Western “modernism.” To this dead heart, one says: 
He c also said, “Say, ‘If there had been with Him [other] gods, as they say, then they would have sought to get closer to the Owner of the Throne.’ He is glori- fied and greatly exalted above what they say. The seven heavens and the earth and whatever is in them exalt Him. And there is not a thing except that it celebrates His praise, but you do not understand their [way of] exalting. Indeed, He is ever Forbearing and Forgiv- ing” (Al-Isra 42-44). 
He c also said, “Then He directed Himself to the heaven while it was smoke and said to it and to the earth, ‘Come both of you, willingly or by compulsion.’ They said, ‘We have come willingly’” (Fussilat 11). He c also said, “Had there been within the heavens and earth gods besides Allah, they both would have been ruined. So exalted is Allah, Lord of the Throne, above what they describe” (Al-Anbiya 22). 
In these various verses, Allah c teaches His slaves that the universe He created manifests recognition of His lordship and worship of Him alone by exalting His praise and prostrating to Him solely. This sub- mission only to Him is behind the uniformity in the creation and what it contains of laws decreed by Him. If the creation had taken a god alongside its creator, obeying Allah and obeying a false god, loving Allah and loving a false god, and fearing Allah and fearing a false god, order would collapse within the universe. Allah c also created man and instilled in him the fitrah, a disposition to recognize His lordship and worship Him alone. Allah c said, “So direct your face toward the religion, inclining to truth. [Adhere to] the fitrah of Allah upon which He has created [all] people. No change should there be in the creation of Allah. That is the correct religion, but most of the people do not know” (Ar-Rum 30). 
He c made this fitrah a proof against mankind, saying, “And [mention] when your Lord took from the children of Adam – from their loins – their de- scendants and made them testify of themselves, [say- ing to them], ‘Am I not your Lord?’ They said, ‘Yes, we have testified’ – lest you should say on the day of Resurrection, ‘Indeed, we were of this unaware.’ Or [lest] you say, ‘It was only that our fathers associated [others in worship] with Allah before, and we were but descendants after them. Then would You destroy us for what the falsifiers have done?’” (Al-A’raf 172- 173). 
filthiness, between decency and obscenity, between mercy and cruelty, between justice and tyranny, be- tween truth and falsehood, and between right and wrong. In this regards, the Prophet g said, “Every child is born upon the fitrah. His parents then make him a Jew or a Christian, just as you breed camels. Do you see any camels with their body parts mutilated until you yourselves mutilate them?” Abu Hurayrah  said, “Read if you wish, ‘…the fitrah of Allah upon which He has created [all] people; no change should there be in the creation of Allah…’” (Muslim). In this regards, Allah c said, “[The polytheists] supplicate none but a rebellious Satan, whom Allah has cursed for he had said, ‘I will surely take a prescribed portion from among Your servants. And I will mislead them, and I will arouse in them [sinful] desires, and I will command them so they will slit the ears of cattle, and I will command them so they will change the creation of Allah.’ And whoever takes Satan as an ally instead of Allah has certainly incurred a clear loss” (An-Nisa 117-119). 
divine narration, “All wealth I bestow upon a slave is lawful.2 And I created my slaves all as monothe- ists. Indeed, the devils came to them, drew them away from their religion, prohibited for them what I made lawful for them, and ordered them to associate with Me in worship what I have not authorized” (Muslim). And the fitrah in the words of the Prophet g and the words of his companions  encompasses more than just the basis of religion, pure monotheism, the statement that there is no god but Allah. It also in- cludes circumcision, the shaving of pubic hair, the removal of underarm hair, the cutting of nails, trim- ming the mustache, growing the beard, cleansing the teeth, the washing of finger joints, snorting water then expelling it, rinsing the mouth with water, the washing of private parts after bowel movement or 
2 Allah c said, “Allah has not appointed [such innovations as] bahirah or sa’ibah or wasilah or ham. But those who disbelieve invent falsehood about Allah, and most of them do not reason” (Al-Maidah 103). These four words – bahirah, sa’ibah, wasilah, and ham – were descriptions given by the Arab pagans to differ- ent kinds of livestock and mounts that they declared prohibited for themselves to use. For example, they would prohibit the use of a cow, camel, or lamb, and leave it to freely roam the earth, claiming that doing so was an act of worship. Allah c explains that these innovations were not legislated by Him and that these animals were bestowed upon His slaves to be used lawfully. 
The fitrah is also the attraction of man to woman and of woman to man, while submitting this attrac- tion to the laws of marriage, divorce, and slavery dic- tated by Allah c. “And of His signs is that He created for you from yourselves spouses that you may find tranquility in them; and He placed between you affec- tion and mercy. Indeed in that are signs for a people who give thought” (Ar-Rum 21). “The believers have indeed succeeded…” “…those who guard their pri- vates except from their wives or those [female slaves] their right hands possess, for indeed, they will not be blamed; But whoever seeks [intercourse] beyond that, then those are the transgressors” (Al-Muminun 1, 6-7). The opposite of the fitrah is all sexual perver- sion, the worst of which mentioned in the Quran was that of the sodomites. Allah c said, “And Lot said to his people, ‘Do you commit such immorality as no one has preceded you with from among the peo- ple? Indeed, you approach men with desire, instead of women. Rather, you are a transgressing people.’ But the answer of his people was only that they said, ‘Evict them from your city! Indeed, they are men who keep themselves pure.’ So We saved him and his family, ex- 
The fitrah also entails modesty and chastity. “And tell the believing women to lower their gaze and guard their private parts and not expose their adornment ex- cept that which [necessarily] appears thereof and to wrap their veils over their chests and not expose their adornment…” “…And let them not stamp their feet to make known what they conceal of their adorn- ment. And turn to Allah in repentance, all of you, O believers, that you might succeed” (An-Nur 31). 
The fitrah is also the motherhood and mercy of mother for child. “And We have enjoined upon man, to his parents, good treatment. His mother carried him with hardship and gave birth to him with hard- ship, and his gestation and weaning [period] is thirty months” (Al-Ahqaf 15). “And We have enjoined upon man [care] for his parents. His mother carried him, [increasing her] in weakness upon weakness, and his weaning is in two years. Be grateful to Me and to your parents; to Me is the [final] destination” (Luqman 14). And due to the mercy for which mothers are famous, the Prophet g once saw a bondswoman nursing a baby boy and said to his companions, “Can you imag- ine her throwing her son into a fire?” They responded, “No, she would never do so as long as she is capable of not throwing him in.” He then said, “Allah is more merciful to His slaves than this woman is to her son” (A-Bukhari and Muslim). 
And this motherhood entails nursing the child at home, while his father works as the breadwinner and she obeys her husband as his wife. “Mothers shall suckle their children for two whole years; (that is) for those who wish to complete the suckling. The duty of feeding and clothing nursing mothers in a seemly manner is upon the father of the child” (Al-Baqar- ah 233). “Men are in charge of women by [right of] what Allah has given one over the other and what they 
needy, honored the guest, hosted the wayfarer, aid- ed the afflicted, and ordered his followers to do as he would do in this regards and to worship Allah alone, abandon the worship of stones and idols, be truth- ful, render trusts, be good to one’s neighbor, abstain from fornication, and care for the orphan. “There has certainly come to you a Messenger from among your- selves. What you suffer grieves him; [he is] concerned over you and is kind and merciful to the believers. But if they turn away, say, ‘Sufficient for me is Allah; there is no god except Him. On Him I have relied, and He is the Lord of the Great Throne’” (At-Tawbah 128-129). 
The testimony that there is no god but Allah calls for worship of Allah alone and such worship cannot be actualized in the manner Allah c loves except by following the path of those who were entrusted with delivering Allah’s message to mankind, the prophets . This is because the pure fitrah – although it is an aid in distinguishing between truth and falsehood – is not able on its own to conclude the ultimate manner by which man must worship his Lord, and the de- tailed laws of justice he must implement, nor what the Unseen and Hereafter contain of matters he must believe in to be faithful. How then if the fitrah is cor- rupted by generations of paganism? But out of His mercy, Allah c does not punish a people until after sending them a messenger. Allah c said, “And never would We punish until We sent a messenger” (Al-Isra 
The Prophet Muhammad g appeared in the mid- dle of the Arabian Peninsula, which was sinking in the darkness of paganism and ignorance. He declared his message, that he was sent by Allah c to mankind to remove them from darkness to light, and carried on conveying this message in the name of Allah for 23 years, being aided against his enemies in the Arabian Peninsula and those who dared to oppose his message, until he and his religion became victorious against all others, including those of the idolatrous Arabs, the Jews, and the Christians. If he had been a false proph- et, as the Jews and Christians claim, would it be be- fitting of Allah, the Wise, to continue to support an alleged liar against his supposedly truthful slaves for 23 years (and centuries thereafter at the hands of his caliphates), facilitating for him their slaughter and ex- odus and the enslavement of their women and chil- dren? Indeed, in this there is a proof recognizable by the fitrah. 
Thereafter, the pagan Christians contradict them- selves and the fitrah once more. They claim that Je- sus’ mother is the “Mother of God,” while portray- ing her in a humble manner, both in her demeanor and garments. However, they encourage the Western woman to be everything opposite to Mary. The West- ern woman is encouraged to compete with men in the workplace, to display of her body what no man ever displays, and to be more promiscuous than any prostitute has ever been. There is no resemblance in the Western woman to what is found in Mary, just as there is no resemblance in the Western man to what is found in Jesus the Messiah of humility, religiosity, and chastity. 
And as the fitrah continues to be desecrated day by day in the West and more and more women aban- don motherhood, wifehood, chastity, femininity, and heterosexuality, the true woman in the West has be- come an endangered creature. The Western way of life a female adopts brings with it so many dangers and deviances, threatening her very own soul. She is the willing victim who sacrifices herself for the immoral “freedoms” of her people, offering her fitrah on the al- tar of secular liberalism. If she feared for her soul, she would reflect on where the paths of Christian pagan- ism and democratic perversion continue to lead her, contemplate on how the world would have been had its women adopted the path of the vile West centu- ries ago, and liberate herself from her enslavement to hedonistic addictions and heathenish doctrines. The solution is laid before the Western woman. It is noth- ing but Islam, the religion of the fitrah. 
cated her for prayers, despite her passing away almost two thousand years ago, being unable to hear their pleas, nor fulfill their requests, as granting permission for intercession and accepting it thereafter is Allah’s right alone. “Say, ‘To Allah belongs [the right to al- low] intercession entirely. To Him belongs the domin- ion of the heavens and the earth. Then to Him you will be returned’” (Az-Zumar 44). Allah did not per- mit that people seek intercession from the deceased, the buried, and the absent. Rather, this is the pagan- ism of most peoples of the past; they would ask the deceased from amongst the pious for intercession, re- lying upon them instead of relying upon Allah, who said, “And when My servants ask you, concerning Me, then indeed I am near. I respond to the invocation of the supplicant when he calls upon Me. So let them respond to Me and believe in Me that they may be guided” (Al-Baqarah 186). 
Allah c also spoke about the paganism propagat- ed by the misguided Christians, saying, “None will have [power of] intercession except he who had tak- en from the Most Merciful a covenant. And they say, ‘The Most Merciful has taken [for Himself] a son.’ You have done an atrocious thing. The heavens almost rupture therefrom and the earth splits open and the mountains collapse in devastation that they attribute to the Most Merciful a son. And it is not appropri- ate for the Most Merciful that He should take a son. There is no one in the heavens and earth but that he comes to the Most Merciful as a servant. He has enu- merated them and counted them completely. And all of them will come to Him on the Day of Resurrection alone” (Maryam 87-95). 
This claim that the Virgin Mary gave birth to the Creator of the heavens and the earth is one that every mother knows by her fitrah to be false. She knows the great amount of lowliness and weakness any child goes through prior to birth and thereafter. He is sur- rounded by blood, as his nutrition is dependent on his mother’s life. He then leaves her body after 9 months, exiting from the same passage from which he entered, soaked in impure blood. He weeps often, searching for food, having weak vision, not being able to feed except with the aid of his mother. He cannot remain clean except by his mother regularly washing him and cleansing him after each bowel movement or void- ing. If not for her, he would be soaking in filth. If he were abandoned, he would die in a matter of days. He feels comfort most when she draws him close to her breast. When he begins walking, he falls over on his 
As-Salamu ‘alaykum wa Rahmatullahi wa Barakatuh. To proceed: As there is nothing worthy of worship other than Allah, the True King, there is nothing more deserving of our praise, love, and obe- dience than Him, the Mighty, the Wise. He created us, fostered us, and brought us, after our childhoods, into adulthood, giving us the responsibility to fulfill our duties to Him, our Creator, whom we know is our Master and the only ultimate source of authority in our lives. From His great mercy upon mankind, He sent to them a prophet with a simple mission, and ordered all men to follow him thus before the end of their temporal lives. That mission is to spread the oneness of Allah c by adhering to His authority and calling others to it, with the hope that some men might respond to the call and be saved from the Fire, the fuel of which is people and stones. 
Beware of those “imams” who are calling you to the gates of Hell. They appear as “Muslims” and speak the language of “Islam,” but they call to disunity and to being distant from the Sunnah of Allah’s Messenger g. Indeed, they call to the worship of false gods, the reverence of the ways of those whom Allah hates, and the abandonment of standing in one rank with the Muslims against the enemies of Islam! They replace the explicit text of the Sunnah with the indirect say- ings of fallible men, some honest yet misquoted schol- ars of old, but mostly contemporary heretics of severe deviance. They will tempt you to the many paths of Satan and away from the Straight Path of Allah. Did you not read that Allah c said, “And that ‘this is My Straight Path, so follow it and do not follow the other paths,’ lest they take you away from His Path” (Al- An’am 153)? 
Remember that Allah did not order you to adhere to any group except that of the single Muslim nation, and rather forbade you to divide by making and join- ing other groups, as He c said, “Verily a single nation is your nation, and I am your Lord, so worship Me” (Al-Anbiya 92), “And do not be of the pagans, those who divided their religion and became sects, each party delighted with itself” (Ar-Rum 32), “And hold tightly to the rope of Allah and do not separate” (Al ‘Imran 103), and, “He has called you ‘Muslims’” (Al- Hajj 78). That one nation is the group following the Quran and the Sunnah, with allegiance to one leader, the Caliph of the Muslims. Referring to when there shall appear “callers to the gates of Hell,” who are “of our skin and our language” and whose followers will be thrown into the Fire, our Prophet g command- ed that we “adhere to the group of the Muslims and their leader” (Al-Bukhari and Muslim); yes, the single group of the Muslims and their single leader, around whom they unite and fulfill Allah’s command, “O you who believe, obey Allah and obey the Messenger and those of authority amongst you” (An-Nisa 59). 
Do you not see the many so-called “imams” and “scholars” calling to alliances against Islam with the disbelievers, to maintaining the Muslim nation’s sep- aration by imaginary borders, and to rejecting the re- establishment of the Caliphate, which many of the earlier scholars called “the most important of obliga- tions?!” Are these imams not “of our skin and our lan- guage,” yet call to what would inevitably lead to our doom? Indeed, they are callers to the gates of Hell, so beware and do not be fooled by them. 
So reject these calls to disunity and come togeth- er. Live the life of Islam, for which you have already left the path of falsehood, and do not die the death of Jahiliyyah, a time in which there was no united Muslim nation having pledged allegiance to a single imam and thus having no obedience to a rightful au- thority. Indeed, the Prophet g said, “Whoever dies unbound by a bay’ah (pledge of allegiance) has died a jahili death” (Muslim). And he said, “Whoever dis- likes something in his leader, let him be patient. For whoever leaves the obedience of lawful authority, even 
At the onset of Ramadan in 1435, the mujahidin, who were engaging fierce battles against the Crusad- ers, their allies, and their puppets in Iraq and the Le- vant, reached a level where all conditions required to announce the Caliphate were met. So with great joy, the lost obligation was revived and the Muslim world could once again be united, by Allah’s grace, around a single imam, Ibrahim Ibn ‘Awwad al-Badri . 
Regardless of where you are, know that pledging allegiance is an obligation upon you, as is listening to your leader, the Caliph, and obeying his command. Allah’s Messenger g said, “The Muslim must listen and obey in what he loves and what he hates, as long as he is not commanded with a sin. If he is command- ed with a sin, there is neither listening nor obeying (in that sin)” (Al-Bukhari and Muslim). 
Rush to perform hijrah (emigration) to the land of Islam, where the Shari’ah is in full application. Hijrah is a sign of both one’s love for unity and his adherence to the Sunnah of Allah’s Messenger g. This was reit- erated as a direct order from Amirul-Muminin, who said, “O Muslims everywhere, whoever is capable of performing hijrah to the Islamic State, then let him do so, because hijrah to the land of Islam is obliga- tory” (A Message to the Mujahidin and the Muslim Ummah). 
Beware of falling into false excuses that hold you back from your true purpose and greatest obligation after becoming a Muslim. Do not be taken in by claims that the “real jihad” is giving da’wah – rather, the real da’wah is waging jihad! Most of the world is very aware of Islam’s existence and even its tenets, and the time for showing them that actions speak louder than words is ever so present. The blood of the disbe- lievers is obligatory to spill by default. The command is clear. Kill the disbelievers, as Allah c said, “Then kill the polytheists wherever you find them” (At-Taw- bah 5). How much more obligatory is doing so after the disbelievers have massacred Muslims everywhere throughout the ongoing crusade against Islam? 
In this regards, the Caliph’s spokesman Abu Mu- hammad al-‘Adnani  said, “If the tawaghit have shut the door of hijrah in your faces, then open the door of jihad in theirs … If one of you wishes and strives to reach the lands of the Islamic State, then each of us wishes to be in your place to make examples of the Crusaders, day and night, scaring them and terror- izing them, until every neighbor fears his neighbor” (That They Live by Proof). 
who back the apostate regimes, parties, and factions in Iraq, the Levant, Libya, Egypt, Yemen, Somalia, West Africa, Khurasan, Chechnya, the Philippines, and so forth, who strive their utmost to uphold their pagan ways by fighting against those who only accept to be ruled by their Creator under His law. These are those behind whom the apostate “imams” of the east and west have rallied, and for no reason but to keep the status quo. These are those who fund and launch airstrikes that kill Muslims on a daily basis in Iraq, the Levant, Libya, and elsewhere. 
And all of these open enemies are supported by the Crusader voters and taxpayers in the democratic countries of the West. Indeed, every Crusader nation claiming to be ruled by the “Will of the People” has implicated their own populations in the crimes their militaries commit against the Muslim nation, making the obligation to target them even more obvious for the doubtful. Likewise, as they haphazardly kill Mus- lims in their war against the mujahidin, it becomes even more obligatory for you to attack the Crusader nations and their citizens in their homelands, as done by the likes of the Caliphate’s soldiers, Muhammad Youssef Abdulazeez and Faisal Mohammad , in Chattanooga and Merced respectively. Allah c said, “So whoever transgresses against you, then transgress against him in a way similar to how he transgressed against you” (Al-Baqarah 194). 
It is He who commanded His Prophet Muhammad g, telling him, “Say, ‘If you love Allah, then follow me! Allah will then love you and forgive for you your sins’” (Al ‘Imran 31). And what better way is there to show your love for Allah, in following the Prophet g, than by doing what he would have loved for himself? Indeed, he g said, “By Him in whose hand is my soul, I would have loved to fight for Allah’s cause and be killed, then be revived and killed again, and then be revived and killed again” (Al-Bukhari and Muslim). But if you decline, know that Allah said, “O you who believe! Whoever of you turns back on his religion, then Allah will bring a peo- ple whom He loves and who love Him, humble to the believers, mighty against the disbelievers, waging jihad for the cause of Allah, and not fearing the blame of any blamer” (Al-Maidah 54). 
As for a final word of advice to you regarding your operation, do not make intricate plans, but in- stead, keep it simple and effective. If you can obtain a weapon, do so and use it, as soon as possible and in a place that will cause the most damage and panic, bringing death and injury to the enemy of Allah, the disbelievers. Just as they terrify the Muslims in the lands of Islam, so should you terrify the disbeliev- ers in their homelands. But unlike them, your terror shall be just, an equitable response to their crimes against Islam and the Muslim na- tion. 
Shortly following the blessed attack on a sodomi- te, Crusader nightclub by the mujahid Omar Mateen , American politicians were quick to jump into the spotlight and denounce the shooting, declaring it a hate crime, an act of terrorism, and an act of sense- less violence. A hate crime? Yes. Muslims undoubted- ly hate liberalist sodomites, as does anyone else with any shred of their fitrah (inborn human nature) still intact. An act of terrorism? Most definitely. Muslims have been commanded to terrorize the disbelieving enemies of Allah. But an act of senseless violence? One would think that the average Westerner, by now, would have abandoned the tired claim that the ac- tions of the mujahidin – who have repeatedly stated their goals, intentions, and motivations – don’t make sense. Unless you truly – and naively – believe that the crimes of the West against Islam and the Muslims, whether insulting the Prophet g, burning the Quran, 
Many Westerners, however, are already aware that claiming the attacks of the mujahidin to be senseless and questioning incessantly as to why we hate the West and why we fight them is nothing more than a political act and a propaganda tool. The politicians will say it regardless of how much it stands in opposi- tion to facts and common sense just to garner as many votes as they can for the next election cycle. The ana- lysts and journalists will say it in order to keep them- selves from becoming a target for saying something 
There are exceptions among the disbelievers, no doubt, people who will unabashedly declare that jihad and the laws of the Shari’ah – as well as everything else deemed taboo by the Islam-is-a-peaceful-religion crowd – are in fact completely Islamic, but they tend to be people with far less credibility who are painted as a social fringe, so their voices are dismissed and a large segment of the ignorant masses continues belie- ving the false narrative. As such, it becomes important for us to clarify to the West in unequivocal terms – yet again – why we hate you and why we fight you. 
1. We hate you, first and foremost, because you are disbelievers; you reject the oneness of Allah – whether you realize it or not – by making partners for Him in worship, you blaspheme against Him, claiming that He has a son, you fabricate lies against His prophets and messengers, and you indulge in all manner of devilish practices. It is for this reason that we were commanded to openly declare our hatred for you and our enmity towards you. “There has already been for you an excellent example in Abraham and 
those with him, when they said to their people, ‘In- deed, we are disassociated from you and from whate- ver you worship other than Allah. We have rejected you, and there has arisen, between us and you, enmity and hatred forever until you believe in Allah alone’” (Al-Mumtahanah 4). Furthermore, just as your dis- belief is the primary reason we hate you, your dis- belief is the primary reason we fight you, as we have been commanded to fight the disbelievers until they submit to the authority of Islam, either by becoming Muslims, or by paying jizyah – for those afforded this option – and living in humiliation under the rule of the Muslims. Thus, even if you were to stop fighting us, your best-case scenario in a state of war would be that we would suspend our attacks against you – if we deemed it necessary – in order to focus on the closer and more immediate threats, before eventually resu- ming our campaigns against you. Apart from the opti- on of a temporary truce, this is the only likely scenario that would bring you fleeting respite from our attacks. So in the end, you cannot bring an indefinite halt to our war against you. At most, you could only delay it temporarily. “And fight them until there is no fitnah [paganism] and [until] the religion, all of it, is for Al- lah” (Al-Baqarah 193). 
gnizing that the astonishing signs we witness day after day are the creation of the Wise, All-Knowing Creator and not the result of accidental occur- rence. “Or were they created by nothing, or were they the creators [of themselves]?” (At- Tur 35). Your disbelief in your Creator further leads you to deny the Day of Judgment, claiming that “you only live once.” “Those who disbelieve have claimed that they will ne- ver be resurrected. Say, ‘Yes, by my Lord, you will surely be re- surrected; then you will surely be informed of what you did. And that, for Allah, is easy’” (At-Taghabun 7). 
4. We hate you for your crimes against Islam and wage war against you to punish you for your transgressions against our religion. As long as your subjects continue to mock our faith, insult the prophets of Allah – including Noah, Abraham, Mo- ses, Jesus, and Muhammad  – burn the Quran, and openly vilify the laws of the Shari’ah, we will continue to retaliate, not with slogans and placards, but with bullets and knives. 
5. We hate you for your crimes against the Mus- lims; your drones and fighter jets bomb, kill, and maim our people around the world, and your puppets in the usurped lands of the Muslims oppress, torture, and wage war against anyone who calls to the truth. As such, we fight you to stop you from killing our men, women, and children, to liberate those of them whom you imprison and torture, and to take revenge for the countless Muslims who’ve suffered as a result of your deeds. 
separate between religion and state, thereby granting supreme authority to your whims and desires via the legislators you vote into power. In doing so, you desire to rob Allah of His right to be obeyed and you wish to usurp that right for yourselves. “Legislation is not but for Allah” (Yusuf 40). Your secular liberalism has led you to tolerate and even support “gay rights,” to allow alcohol, drugs, fornication, gambling, and usury to become widespread, and to encourage the people to mock those who denounce these filthy sins and vices. As such, we wage war against you to stop you from spreading your disbelief and debauchery – your secu- larism and nationalism, your perverted liberal values, your Christianity and atheism – and all the depravity and corruption they entail. You’ve made it your mis- sion to “liberate” Muslim societies; we’ve made it our mission to fight off your influence and protect man- kind from your misguided concepts and your deviant way of life. 
In the case of the atheist fringe, we hate you and wage war against you because you disbelieve in the existence of your Lord and Creator. You witness the extraordinarily complex makeup of created beings, and the astonishing and inexplicably precise physical laws that govern the entire universe, but insist that they all came about through randomness and that one should be faulted, mocked, and ostracized for reco- 3. 
reason we addressed it at the end of the above list. The fact is, even if you were to stop bombing us, impriso- ning us, torturing us, vilifying us, and usurping our lands, we would continue to hate you because our pri- mary reason for hating you will not cease to exist until you embrace Islam. Even if you were to pay jizyah and live under the authority of Islam in humiliation, we would continue to hate you. No doubt, we would stop fighting you then as we would stop fighting any disbelievers who enter into a covenant with us, but we would not stop hating you. 
What’s equally if not more important to understand is that we fight you, not simply to punish and deter you, but to bring you true freedom in this life and salvation in the Hereafter, freedom from being ensla- ved to your whims and desires as well as those of your clergy and legislatures, and salvation by worshiping your Creator alone and following His messenger. We fight you in order to bring you out from the darkness of disbelief and into the light of Islam, and to liberate you from the constraints of living for the sake of the worldly life alone so that you may enjoy both the bles- sings of the worldly life and the bliss of the Hereafter. The gist of the matter is that there is indeed a rhyme to our terrorism, warfare, ruthlessness, and brutality. As much as some liberal journalist would like you to believe that we do what we do because we’re simply 
monsters with no logic behind our course of action, the fact is that we continue to wage – and escalate – a calculated war that the West thought it had ended several years ago. We continue dragging you further and further into a swamp you thought you’d already escaped only to realize that you’re stuck even deeper within its murky waters… And we do so while offe- ring you a way out on our terms. So you can conti- nue to believe that those “despicable terrorists” hate you because of your lattes and your Timberlands, and continue spending ridiculous amounts of money to try to prevail in an unwinnable war, or you can accept reality and recognize that we will never stop hating you until you embrace Islam, and will never stop figh- ting you until you’re ready to leave the swamp of war- fare and terrorism through the exits we provide, the very exits put forth by our Lord for the People of the Scripture: Islam, jizyah, or – as a last means of fleeting respite – a temporary truce. 
I come from Finland, a “Christian” nation where the people do not strongly adhere to their corrupt- ed religion. Most of them say they are Christians but don’t really practice their false faith. They might go to church when there’s a wedding or a funeral, but most of them don’t know much about their distorted reli- gion, even though they are proud of it; so I wouldn’t see Christianity visibly manifested in their day-to-day lives. 
In my case, I was pretty much the same as every- one else. Everyone had to study the religion at school, which is how my knowledge of it grew. Before that, however, my mother would send me to Sunday school, even though she wasn’t religious herself. I my- self would only go there for the stickers, and I don’t think I actually learned or understood anything there. I did learn more in school, but Christianity nowadays tends to be very confusing. 
about religion. We would celebrate Christmas and Easter, but Christianity otherwise didn’t have much of an impact on my life. At the age of 16, I was sent to a type of camp where you would have to embrace the religion again, but do so independent-mindedly. Once again, the teachings didn’t make sense but be- cause my parents sent me, I did it for them, and also for the fact that there would be a big party at the end where you would get all sorts of gifts. 
The main thing that didn’t make sense to me about Christianity was the Trinity. I would wonder, how could the “son” of God be crucified? How could a “part” of God – according to the Trinity – be cruci- fied? How could a human being be God, and then become humiliated and have a humiliating death? I was always very confused, and never prayed to Jesus. When I did pray, I would pray to God. When I was young, I didn’t really pay much attention to these thoughts. I did think about it all here and there, but I didn’t know how to delve deeper and explore these thoughts, and I didn’t have confidence that I was on the true religion. Then at school, they introduced things like evolution and the big bang theory, and this just caused even more confusion. At the end, I was 
I first heard about Islam when we were doing re- ligious studies at school. We covered a number of different religions, including Islam. In the very first class, the teacher – who wasn’t even a Muslim – re- cited the shahadah in Arabic and then explained to us that this was the Islamic testimony of faith. We learned about the five pillars of Islam on a very basic level, but some things were portrayed in a manner that seemed nonsensical to me. For example, we were told that during the fasting month of Ramadan, Muslims don’t eat and drink all day but they stay up all night eating and partying. My next encounter with Islam was when I got married. My husband was brought up in a Muslim family but he wasn’t practicing at all. We had children together but got divorced a few years af- terwards. At that point, I really wanted to learn about Islam, and because of the blessed events of September 11th, I would always see Islam mocked in the me- dia, but I was still curious and wanted to find out more about this religion. At the same time, I had a neighbor who had introduced me to Islam a few years earlier. So she let me borrow a copy of the Quran that was translated into my own language. The translation wasn’t so good, but she was good at explaining, so if I didn’t understand anything she would clarify it for me. What struck me most as I was reading the Quran were the verses about Hellfire and the punishment in the Hereafter. 
was scared and nervous because I didn’t understand a lot of things. I would think to myself, “How would my parents react if I were to become a Muslim? How would my colleagues react?” It felt like a big ordeal even though I knew in my heart that I had to do this. So when I was coming back from work one day and I saw my neighbor on the bus, I asked her, “Would you like to teach me how to pray?” She replied by asking, “Do you want to become a Muslim?” At that moment, I felt myself thinking, “Yes, I do.” So I said, “Yes,” and both her and her husband began crying. I pronounced the shahadah in their home and they began teaching me how to pray. It was a wonderful feeling. After continuously searching for the truth, finding it was just such a relief. I felt so much peace. I can’t say that things were easy after becoming a Muslim, but it did bring pleasure to my heart none- theless. Things weren’t easy with my parents. At first, they didn’t react much, but one year later when I re- married, they began having a problem with it. When I started wearing hijab, they would make things dif- ficult. They would argue, “Even Muslims that were raised Muslim don’t wear it, so why do you?” They were not happy, and it was funny how their Christian- ity came out more than ever at that point. Before that, they wouldn’t speak about Christianity at all, but sud- denly they were mentioning it more frequently, saying things like, “This is the religion of our forefathers.” All of this was to try to bring me back to their religion. I felt the same with my colleagues, who would ask me why I had made this decision. This was the case be- cause I was the only Muslim they would see regularly. I lived in the capital, and although there were Mus- lims there, it wasn’t the same as in other European countries; the Muslim community was very small. 
Because of the small size of the community, in that first year before I got married when I was trying to learn more about Islam, I wouldn’t have a lot of access to knowledgeable people. It was hard to find some- one to teach me because it could be anyone teaching anything, and, of course, when you’re new, you don’t know all that much. Since I didn’t have any strong Muslims around me, I was trying to do the research on my own, and it was hard to find the right informa- tion, but despite that, Allah would always facilitate a way for the truth to become apparent to me. Things became a little bit easier after I got married because I had some support at home. At one point, my husband started telling me about jihad and about having the sound creed. 
I later became involved in da’wah. I would take part in organizing sisters’ and children’s events at the local mosques and I would hold events for new Muslim sis- ters. At the time, I wasn’t really thinking about hijrah (emigrating to the land of Islam), but that would soon change. What finally woke me up was when the disbe- lieving authorities arrested my husband for terrorism. They arrested him on the street. I was at home with my children and they came in and started raiding the house. It was a big shock. They ended up keeping my husband in prison for quite a while as they continued investigating the matter. As difficult as it was, it was 
Alhamdulillah (all praise is due to Allah), there were some brothers and sisters who were on the sound creed and were a strong source of support. They weren’t many, but because they were on the proper method- ology, it didn’t matter. When the Caliphate was an- nounced, we knew where to go and what we wanted. As Muslims, we need to disavow the disbelievers and live under the Caliphate. The Prophet g said, “I have nothing to do with any Muslim who resides amongst the pagans.” His companions asked, “O Allah’s Mes- senger, why is that?” He replied, “They should not be able to see each other’s camp fires (or lights)” (Abu Dawud and at-Tirmidhi). 
After my husband had came out of prison, we thought it would be difficult to perform hijrah because every country would likely be alerted of his intent to travel. He was trying hard to find a way to come to the Caliphate and, alhamdulillah, when Allah wills to open the path for someone, nobody can close it. And so we were able to perform hijrah without any prob- lems. We were dreaming about it and praying for it for so long until Allah made it easy for us. 
I can’t even describe the feeling of when you finally cross that border and enter the lands of the Caliphate. It is such a blessing from Allah to be able to live under the Caliph- ate. There are so many people who made several attempts to come but just haven’t been able to make it yet. Of course, when you come to the Caliphate, after sacrificing ev- erything for the sake of Allah, you’ll continue to be tested. You’re going to see hardships and trials, but ev- ery day you’re thankful to Allah for allowing you to perform hijrah and to live under the Shari’ah. Life in the Islamic State is such a bless- ing. You face difficulties and hard- ship, you’re not used to the food or the change of life, you may not know the local language, you hear bombings and the children may get scared, but none of that takes away from the gratitude you have towards Allah for allowing you to be here. 
Also, unless you’re living here you don’t realize what kind of life you had before. The life here is so much more pure. When you’re in Dar al-Kufr (the lands of disbelief) you’re exposing yourself and your children to so much filth and corruption. You make it easy for Satan to lead you astray. Here you’re living a pure life, and your children are being raised with plenty of good influence around them. They don’t need to be ashamed of their religion. They are free to be proud of it and are given the proper creed right from the start. After four months of us being here, my son was mar- tyred, and this was yet another blessing. Every time I think about it, I wonder to myself, “If I stayed in Dar al-Kufr what kind of end would he have had? What would have happened to him?” Alhamdulillah, he was saved from all that, and what could be better than him being killed for the cause of Allah? Obviously, it’s not easy, but I ask Allah to allow us to join him. 
I advise the Muslims in Dar al-Kufr not to be in- timidated by the media, and to instead listen to the words of Allah and His Messenger g. Everything is very clear in the Book of Allah and in the Sunnah of the Prophet g. And I sincerely advise every Muslim to perform hijrah. It’s not even allowed nor is it good for you to reside in the lands of the disbelievers. You may think that you’re able to practice your religion, but if you’re truly following the teachings of the Qu- ran and the Sunnah, you really can’t practice your re- ligion there. 
ing about performing hijrah, you’ll find many obsta- cles. You’ll be scared, and you’ll be worried about how everything is going to work out. You need to under- stand that many of these obstacles are just in your head and they’re the work of Satan. When you take the first step, Allah will take care of the rest. As for those people who cannot perform hijrah, I advise you to attack the Crusaders and their allies wherever you are, as that is something that you are able to do. Don’t be tricked by the apostate “scholars.” The truth is out there and it isn’t hard to find as long as you open your heart to it. 
Finally, I wish to advise the Christians in Finland and elsewhere: A lot of you don’t practice your reli- gion because you know it’s not the truth. You say you just need to believe in Jesus and you’ll go to Heaven, but how does it make sense that somebody died on your behalf and then you’re free to do whatever you please, whatever bad things that come to your mind, to live without any rules or regulations and then ex- pect to be taken to Heaven? It doesn’t make any sense. I advise you to open your heart and find out about the religion of Islam. Don’t trust what the media says about it. Just turn to the translation of the Quran and take it from there. Whatever hardship you may face on that path will be worth it. In the end, you’ll be so happy you found the truth, because what you’re going to gain after embracing Islam is better than anything you might lose or sacrifice. 
As the soldiers of the Caliphate continue waging war on the forc- es of kufr, we take a glimpse at a number of recent operations con- ducted by the mujahidin of the Islamic State that have succeeded in expanding the territory of the Caliphate, or terrorizing, massa- cring, and humiliating the ene- mies of Allah. These operations are merely a selection of the nu- merous operations that the Islam- ic State has conducted on various fronts across many regions over the course of the last few months. 
Dimashq Wilayah – On the 3rd of Rajab, the soldiers of the Caliph- ate targeted a warplane during the course of ongoing clashes near Tall Abu Shamat east of the Dumayr military airbase. It was shot down inside the airbase and three other planes were damaged as a result. Just three days later, the soldiers of the Caliphate stationed in ribat in the region of Bir Qasab target- ed a Nusayri warplane that took off from the Khalkhalah airbase in the Suwayda countryside, leading to it crashing near the airbase. One week later, on the 14th of Rajab, the soldiers of the Caliphate suc- 
The Philippines – On the 5th of Rajab, the soldiers of the Caliph- ate succeeded in confronting an attempt by the Filipino Crusader army to take control of the muja- hidin’s locations in the Philippines. Seven troop carriers were blown up, killing those inside, and clash- es took place in which several more Filipino soldiers were killed, with the rest fleeing in defeat. The oper- ation resulted in approximately 100 Crusaders being killed and dozens more being wounded. During the course of the battle, three mujahi- din attained shahadah. We consider them so, and Allah is their judge. On the 2nd of Sha’ban, a group of the Caliphate’s soldiers attacked one of the Crusader army locations in the village of Tobijan in the area 
of Maloso. Clashes took place and ended with one Crusader soldier killed and at least one other wound- ed, with the rest fleeing in terror and the mujahidin taking their weapons and equipment as ghanimah. Four weeks later, the soldiers of the Ca- liphate killed two Filipino soldiers in clashes near the town of Barangay in Basilan. They then succeeded in killing another 15 Filipino soldiers towards the end of Ramadan in two attacks carried out over the course of two days in the city of Marawi. Just a few days later, the mujahidin killed another two Filipino soldiers in the town of Togaya, and also de- stroyed an armored vehicle near the military base in the city of Mara- wi, killing those inside the vehicle. They would then go on to launch an attack on the Filipino Crusader army with various types of light and medium weapons on the island of Basilan in the southern region of the Philippines. Battles continued into the month of Shawwal with the mujahidin killing several more Filipino Crusaders and capturing strategic points. Another 20 Filipi- no Crusaders were killed later in the same month in fierce clashes that took place in Basilan. 
the battle moved to the outskirts of the neighborhood of Tahtuh. The mujahidin likewise captured sev- eral weapons and various types of ammo as ghanimah. Less than two weeks later, they launched a surprise attack on Nusayri locations and for- tifications separating between the industrial neighborhood and the neighborhood of Tahtuh. This came after one of the mujahidin created openings in the Nusayri line of de- fense using a bulldozer, paving the way for Islamic State infantrymen to stealthily advance and carry out a surprise attack. They succeeded in capturing several points where the murtaddin were entrenched af- ter they fled in defeat. During the course of the same week, they car- ried out attacks on several Nusayri army locations in the neighborhood of Tahtuh and succeeded in captur- ing them. 
Bengal – On the 15th of Rajab, the soldiers of the Islamic State as- sassinated a university professor in the city of Rajshahi for calling to atheism. On the 22nd of Rajab, the soldiers of the Caliphate targeted a Hindu mushrik in the city of Tan- gail who was known for insulting the Prophet Muhammad g and killed him by stabbing him with a knife. On the 29th of Sha’ban, the soldiers of the Khilafah succeeded 
in assassinating Sunil Gomes, one of the Christian heads of disbelief. He was killed in the village of Bon- para in Northwest Bangladesh. On the 2nd of Ramadan, the soldiers of the Caliphate carried out a security operation in which they succeeded in killing a Hindu priest known as Ananta Gopal Ganguli in the dis- trict of Jhenaidah in Western Ban- gladesh. On the 5th of Ramadan, the soldiers of the Caliphate assassi- nated a Hindu mushrik by stabbing him with knives. On the 27th of Ramadan, five inghimasi soldiers of the Caliphate carried out an attack on the Artisan Restaurant, which is frequented by Crusader foreigners of varying nationalities, in the city of Dhaka. The mujahidin held a number of hostages as they engaged in a gun battle with apostate Ben- gali police, and succeeded in killing and injuring dozens of disbelievers before attaining shahadah. 
Jazair Wilayah – On the 8th of Rajab, six soldiers of the murtadd Algerian army were killed and an- other nine were wounded when the soldiers of the Caliphate detonated an explosive device as the murtad- din passed by on the Mount Wahsh road in the area of Qusantinah. Less than a week later, the soldiers of the Caliphate detonated several explo- sive devices on Algerian soldiers as they were sweeping the area of Qurush in Jijel in the northeastern region of Jazair. 
Hims Wilayah – On the 25th of Rajab, the soldiers of the Caliphate launched a wide scale attack on the Nusayri army in the area of Sha’ir at fajr. They succeeded in capturing three points, and in killing nearly 20 murtaddin and taking a number of light weapons as ghanimah. They then continued their attack, during the course of which an istishhadi operation was carried out, striking the last position in which the mur- taddin were entrenched. The mu- jahidin succeeded in capturing 13 checkpoints, placing the Sha’ir Gas Company within their firing range. A number of Nusayri soldiers were killed in the operation, with the rest fleeing, and the mujahidin captured two tanks, a 23mm heavy machine gun, a 14.5mm heavy machine gun, a number of Konkurs missiles, a mortar cannon with some mortar rounds, several light weapons, and various types of ammo. Two days later, on the morning of the 27th of Rajab, the mujahidin succeeded, by Allah’s grace, in completely captur- ing the Sha’ir Gas Company. This came after they carried out an at- tack on the main checkpoint, killed several murtaddin, and captured weapons and ammo as ghanimah. On the 29th of Rajab, in continu- ation of the major battles launched 
by the soldiers of the Caliphate in the wilayah, the mujahidin carried out an attack on Nusayri locations in the Mahar gas field northwest of Tadmur from several points. They captured half of the gas field following clashes in which several kuffar were killed. The mujahidin would go on to blow up the Sha’ir Gas Company to deprive the Nu- sayri regime of a major source of economic benefit, in addition to completely burning the Mahar Gas Company by repeatedly targeting it with artillery shelling. 
Egypt – On the 1st of Sha’ban, the soldiers of the Caliphate in Cai- ro conducted a security operation in which they carried out an attack on a bus carrying 8 murtaddin be- longing to the police investigations division in the area of Hilwan in the southern part of Cairo. They fired on the murtaddin and succeeded in killing them all, including Captain Muhammad Hamid, the assistant investigator for the Hilwan police. They also took some light weapons as ghanimah and returned safely back to their locations. The opera- tion came as part of the campaign dubbed “The Battle of Shaykh Abu ‘Ali al-Anbari ” and in revenge for the oppressed women in the prisons of the murtaddin in Egypt. On the 2nd of Ramadan, the mujahidin 
ambushed an Egyptian police pa- trol unit in the area of Ras al-Birr in Dumyat and succeeded in kill- ing and injuring several murtaddin, including Major General Mustafa Muqbil, the deputy head of security for Dumyat. Meanwhile, following close tracking and surveillance, the mujahidin targeted a vehicle carry- ing the murtadd, Brigadier General Hisham Salim, head of investiga- tions in Daqahliyyah with a hail of gunfire, killing and injuring those inside. 
Hims Wilayah – On the 3rd of Sha’ban, the soldiers of the Ca- liphate launched a wide scale attack from multiple points on Nusayri army locations near the T4 air- base. They succeeded in capturing the abandoned battalion base as well as two of the checkpoints re- sponsible for protecting the airbase. They killed more than 20 Nusayri soldiers, captured a 57mm cannon, a 23mm autocannon, light and me- dium weapons, and two vehicles as ghanimah, and also bombarded the airbase with mortar rounds. 
later, on the 9th of Shawwal, a sol- dier of the Caliphate – our brother Mohamed Lahouaiej-Bouhlel  – carried out an attack in the coastal city of Nice in response to the Is- lamic State’s calls to target nations participating in the Crusader co- alition fighting the Caliphate. He used a large truck to run down the Crusader citizens in the French city as they were celebrating the French national holiday known as Bastille Day, and succeeded in killing more than 80 people and injuring more than 300 others before being killed by French police. Less than two weeks later, two soldiers of the Ca- liphate – Abu Jarir al-Hanafi and Ibn ‘Umar  – carried out an attack on a church in the area of Norman- dy in Crusader France in response to the call to target the nations of the Crusader coalition fighting the Muslims. They slaughtered a priest and wounded a number of others before being killed. 
West Africa Wilayah – On the 28th of Sha’ban, the soldiers of the Caliphate launched a wide scale attack with various types of weap- ons on a military base in which the murtaddin of both the Niger and the Nigerian armies were mobiliz- ing in the city of Boso in Southeast Niger. They succeeded in killing at least 35 murtaddin and injuring nearly 70 more, in addition to cap- turing a large quantity of weapons and ammo as ghanimah. 
America – On the 7th of Rama- dan, our brother Omar Mateen , one of the soldiers of the Caliphate in America, carried out an attack on a nightclub for sodomites in the city of Orlando, Florida. He succeeded in massacring the filthy Crusaders, killing and injuring more than 100 of them before he was killed. The operation was reported as being the most deadly attack in America since the Manhattan raid 15 years ago. 
militias allied to it. Five of the is- tishhadi attacks were carried out in Tartus and the other five in Jablah. The istishhadi attacks were preced- ed by two car bombs, one of which targeted the Nusayri bus station in Tartus, with the other targeting the Nusayri bus station in Jablah. This was followed by the istishhadiyyin all detonating their explosive belts on various other groups of Nusayri- yyah. The blessed attacks in the two cities resulted in nearly 400 killed and wounded, many of them Nu- sayri soldiers and officers, including Brigadier General Ayman Qarah Falah, Brigadier General Majd Ah- mad ‘Abdullah, and Colonel Fuad Ibrahim Isma’il. 
‘Adan Abyan Wilayah – On the 16th of Sha’ban, the soldiers of the Caliphate carried out an istish- hadi operation that succeeded in massacring dozens of murtaddin. Our brother Abu ‘Ali al-‘Adani suc- ceeded in reaching the home of the commander of the Badr military base in the area of Khawr Maksur in the middle of ‘Adan, which the murtadd Yemeni army uses as a recruitment center. He detonated his explosive belt in the midst of a group of murtaddin, killing more than 30 of them and injuring doz- ens more. This was followed by an explosive device being detonated at 
rorism center and the special forces, and succeeded in massacring them. Another four istishhadi soldiers of the Caliphate then entered the counterterrorism center and fin- ished off the murtaddin who were still alive. Meanwhile, our istish- hadi brother ‘Ammar al-Ansari  detonated his explosive jacket on a group of special forces soldiers at the entrance to the area of Khalaf south of the city of Mukalla, while our is- tishhadi brother Muhsin al-Yamani  detonated his explosive jacket on a group of special forces soldiers at the Days point north of the city. 
Caliphate’s territory west of the city of Albu Kamal in Furat Wilayah. They battled them at the Hamdan airport in the area of Hizam, mas- sacring 40 of their fighters and tak- ing another 15 of them prisoner. They also succeeded in capturing 6 4-wheel drive vehicles, 6 trucks loaded with weapons and ammo, and 12 reconnaissance drones. The murtaddin who remained alive re- treated through the desert, with the mujahidin pursuing them as they fled. 
Khurasan Wilayah – On the 19th of Shawwal, two soldiers of the Caliphate, Najibullah al-Khu- rasani and Talhah al-Khurasani , carried out an attack on Rafidi mushrikin in the city of Kabul us- ing hand grenades. They succeeded in killing and injuring a number of them before detonating their explo- sive jackets on those of them who were still alive, resulting in approx- imately 87 murtaddin being killed and more than 200 others being wounded. This blessed operation comes in response to their partici- 
Indeed, the Gracious Lord has never left man without guidance. Whenever mankind strayed from His worship, He sent them a messenger bringing both warning and glad tidings. Those who worshiped other than the Creator were warned of punishment, torment, and eternal damnation, and those who persevered upon the worship of the True King were promised forgiveness, salvation, and everlasting bliss. But how astray mankind often chooses to be. 
The call of Noah, simply reminding those in his time to worship the Lord of Adam, their shared an- cestor who had not long passed away, was answered by a mere handful, as the rest were punished with the Flood. Then Abraham, calling his father and clan to the denial of idols and to the worship of the Creator, was rejected and thus set out to pursue the service of his Lord in another land. After Joseph, a son of Israel, brought the grandsons of Isaac into Egypt, wherein they were enslaved by Pharaoh, the Lord sent Moses to rescue them, so that they might devote themselves completely to His worship, unto a land where they would rule by His Law and under His watch. And even after multiple miracles were provided to them, from the plagues sent against the people of Pharaoh to the splitting of the sea and the descent of manna from the heavens, some of those with Moses believed, as others took – at the very same time – created things to worship instead of worshiping the Creator alone. Then, to speak on the corruption of the Jews and to herald his return as the promised Messiah, who will face the Antichrist 
As is well known, these messengers did not come empty-handed. Each of them brought with him a message, often in the form of a scripture, some- thing for the educated to read and com- prehend, yet with the simple command of monotheistic worship of the Creator that even the illiterate could follow. So Moses was given the Torah, by which the Tribes of Israel were governed for many generations. But they strayed from its original message, even with their very own scribes changing its text, as the Tanakh1 testifies, “How can you say, ‘We are wise, and the law (Torah) of the Lord is with us’? But behold, the lying pen of the scribes has made it into a lie” (Jeremiah 8:8).2 So then Jesus brought the Gospel, confirming what came before him of the Torah and permitting – by the per- mission of his Lord – some of what was forbidden therein. It was reported that he said, “Do not think that I have come to abolish the Law or the Prophets; I have not come to abolish them but to fulfill them” (Matthew 5:17). However, just as the Torah was not fully preserved, even altered, the Gospel was also cor- rupted. Its original would be lost, with the oldest re- lated manuscripts written only as commentary to the original. So instead of having an altered “Gospel of Je- sus,” one finds the Gospel according to Matthew, then Mark, then Luke, then John, each with a unique take on various aspects of Jesus’ teachings, sometimes out- right contradicting one another. To say the least, the authentic scripture was lost and the people strayed. As per the divine way of the Lord, another messen- ger was sent to bring the lost flocks back to the path of righteousness. He would be the awaited Prophet fore- told by Moses and the coming Advocate prophesied by Jesus. Moreover, he would bring a message hold- 
ing the promise of divine protection and heralding its bearer as the Seal of the Prophets, the final messen- ger, sent not to the Tribes of Israel alone – but to all of mankind. For the same Lord who sent Moses and Jesus also sent Muhammad, about whom He said, “Muhammad is not the father of any of your men, but [he is] the Messenger of Allah and the Seal of the Prophets” (Al-Ahzab 40), and about whose message He said, “Verily We revealed the Reminder and verily We shall preserve it” (Al-Hijr 9). 
And while the deviations of the Christians and Jews are already undoubtedly clear, as the Quran and the Sunnah3 of the Prophet g have detailed such to us, one need not look far into their own history, biblical texts, and Church writings to see the corruptions. In fact, the Bible declares of itself, “behold, the lying pen of the scribes has made it into a lie” (Jeremiah 8:8). Likewise, the self-declared apostle, Paul of Tarsus, was a known criminal who persecuted the believers and even admitted to being a liar, yet he was taken as the foremost authority for Trinitarian Christians4, who outlived, through every violent means, their Unitar- ian predecessors. 
and authentic? There are at least three major condi- tions that any intelligent person could deduce for the basis of authenticating a text that is claimed to be divine in origin. First, that the message is pure, untainted by pagan creed, as stark monotheism is the only acceptable form of belief for a people who reflect over the knowable universe. Second, that the message is free of any contradictions, as such is not befitting of the Wise and All-Knowing Lord. This does not mean that it is void of what might seemingly be “contradic- tory,” but through analysis, study and discovery, one can conclude that two ostensibly conflicting materials refer to different situations or contexts. Rather, there should be no irreconcilable contradiction. The third condition is simple chain-based authenticity. That is, it should be proven that it was passed down genera- tion to generation by reliable transmitters, thus show- ing it is indeed the message given by the messenger, not by someone else. 
3 The Quran is the word of the Almighty that was revealed to the Prophet Muhammad and preserved in its original form until this day. The Sunnah is the collection of authentic reports of the Prophet Muhammad’s sayings, actions, consent, and abandon- ment. 4 While referred to in the Quran as “Nazarenes,” for the sake of avoiding confusion the common word “Christians” is used herein for those who falsely worship Jesus Christ, the Messiah, Son of Mary. 
In service to the Lord, the Creator and True King, what follows is part of the mission to break the cross, to crush the false notions of Christianity to which millions of people ignorantly adhere. Based on the above-mentioned conditions of judging a scripture’s authenticity, it shall be shown that the true religion of Jesus Christ is a pure monotheistic submission – called Islam – and that when he returns in the final days, the Messiah will adhere to the Law of Muham- mad g and wage jihad for the cause of Allah. 
Furthermore, while quotes from the Bible are men- tioned herein, they cannot be accepted as being reve- lation preserved in its original wording. However, as the Quran has confirmed, Moses did undoubtedly re- ceive the Torah, David the Psalms, and Jesus the Gos- pel. Orders to worship the Lord alone and to follow the Prophet Muhammad remained therein as a proof against the People of the Scripture. Likewise, whatev- er calls to paganism, belittlement of the prophets, and absolute contradiction is definitely false. As for what has not been verified or negated by the Quran and the Sunnah, then due to the overall doubts surrounding which parts of the Torah, the Psalms, and the Gospel were preserved and which parts were corrupted, one cannot affirm it nor deny it. The Prophet Muhammad g has said, “Do not affirm [the narrations of] the People of the Scripture and do not belie them” (Al- Bukhari). 
The English word “God” has various theoretical origins. Regardless, it was not remotely a word spo- ken by the Semitic family of prophets, whose father is Abraham, with descendants including Moses, Jesus, and Muhammad. As for the language family spoken by such prophets, they used the root letters ALH (He- brew הלא, Syriac ܗــܠܐ, Arabic هــلا) for the Supreme Being. In Hebrew, the name of the Almighty is םיהלא “Elohim,” with -im being a suffix of respect. The Syr- iac dialect of Aramaic calls the Lord ܐܗــܠܐ “Elaha.” Even earlier Semitic languages, like Chaldean, spoken in the time of Abraham, would have referred to the Creator as “Il,” without the H, which is also an 
While “god” has become an English word that sim- ply means “something worshiped,” it is incorrect to use “God” as the proper name for the Creator, as He has referred to Himself in a number of Semitic texts with the ALH root. As such, one should adhere to referring to the Lord by His actual name, with which He was comparatively referred to by any of the Semit- ic prophets – like Moses, Jesus and Muhammad . And that name in Arabic – the only preserved Semitic language – is هللا “Allah,” which comes from the word هــلإ “ilah,” meaning “the one who deserves to be wor- shiped.” 
Jews had a history of state establishment and a foot- hold in the land. Though eventually defeated, they had ample time to circulate the Torah, which would have been preserved if it were not for the deceptive scribes who were charged with its keeping. Jeremiah 8:8 reads, “How can you say, ‘We are wise, and the law (Torah) of the Lord is with us’? But behold, the ly- ing pen of the scribes has made it into a lie.’” On this verse, the biblical “scholar” Adam Clarke commented, “It is too bold an assertion to say that ‘the Jews have never falsified the sacred oracles;’ they have done it again and again. They have written falsities when they knew they were such” (Commentary on the Bible). This was verified by Allah in His saying, “Of the Jews are those who alter the words, changing their mean- ings” (An-Nisa 46), and in His saying, “And indeed of them is a group who twist their tongues with the Scripture, that you would consider it from the Scrip- ture, but it is not from the Scripture. And they say it is from Allah, but it is not from Allah. And they 
knowingly speak lies against Allah” (Al ‘Imran 78). As for the earliest Christians, including the apos- tles of Jesus, others in that time, and their students, then they had no public venue. They maintained no authority. Their lives were wrought with persecution and, thus, obscurity. It is no wonder that there is not a single surviving original manuscript of the Chris- tian scriptures, or even an authentic oral transmission thereof. Regarding authorship of the gospels, then even those of them who are claimed to have been dis- 
In Genesis, the first book of the Old Testament, one finds, “And the Lord God command- ed the man, saying, ‘You may surely eat of every tree of the garden, but of the tree of knowledge of good and evil you shall not eat, for in the day that you eat of it you shall surely die’” (2:16-17). Thus the Jewish scribes quote the Creator as asserting that if Adam eats from the tree of knowledge of good and evil, he shall surely die that very day. Thereafter, it mentions the story of Satan – the serpent – tempting Adam’s wife. “Now the serpent was more crafty than any other beast of the field that the Lord God had made. He said to the woman, ‘Did God actually say, ‘You shall not eat of any tree in the garden’?’ And the woman said to the serpent, ‘We may eat of the fruit of the trees in the garden, but God said, ‘You shall not eat of the fruit of the tree that is in the midst of the garden, neither shall you touch it, lest you die.’’ But the serpent said to the woman, ‘You will not surely die. For God knows that when you eat of it your eyes 
ciples of Jesus have no evidence to back them up. The Gospel of Matthew makes no mention of its author, as even the title “of Matthew” was added later. The Gospel of Mark was purportedly written by Mark the Evangelist, a supposed disciple who rejected Christ but later allegedly repented, though even this author- ship is doubted, and its earliest manuscript is from the 4th century. The Gospel of Luke is said to have been written by a Greek who was not a disciple of Je- sus, but rather of Paul, who was also not a disciple of Jesus. And even that authorship is doubted. As for the Gospel of John, it was authored by multiple revisers, none of whom were John the Evangelist. 
So here the scribes have “God” announcing to Adam that he will die if he eats from this tree, and here is Satan calling “God” a liar, saying that instead of dying, whoever eats of the tree will actually become “like God!” Certainly, Satan is the liar, but the lying scribes of the Jews have sided with Satan and agreed with him in the following passages, in that after Adam and his wife ate from the tree, they did not die, but it is instead found, “Then the Lord God said, ‘Behold, the man has become like one of us in knowing good and evil. Now, lest he reach out his hand and take also of the tree of life and eat, and live forever’” (Genesis 3:22). The mention of the tree of eternal life shows that Adam was already a mortal according to the Bi- ble, thus denying anyone’s interpretation that eating from the tree of knowledge made him a mortal, thus only symbolically “dying” that very day. 
There are also theological contradictions that begin with sound principles, like, “And also the Glory of Israel [‘God’] will not lie or have regret, for he is not a man, that he should have regret” (1 Samuel 15:29). Yet in the very same chapter, one finds that, “The word of the Lord came to Samuel, ‘I regret that I have made Saul king’” (1 Samuel 15:10-11). Similar al- leged statements of deficiency are ascribed to the Lord throughout the Bible; far exalted is He above such de- viant claims. For example, in their altered Torah, one finds, “And the Lord was sorry that he had made man on the earth, and it grieved him to his heart” (Genesis 6:6), as well as, “And the Lord relented from the di- saster that he had spoken of bringing on his people” (Exodus 32:14), and the Hebrew for “relented” here is the same that was used for “regret” in 1 Samuel. This obvious “change of heart” is a lie against the Lord, as His knowledge and wisdom are beyond Him decree- ing something that He would ever regret. 
This contradictory and illogical pattern continues throughout most of the Old and New Testaments – as will be mentioned further. Several instances will cause a dedicated student to be confounded to provide a solid answer to seemingly simple historical questions, especially when one considers that the history is sup- posedly divinely inspired. The Bible is also riddled with numerical inconsistencies and confusion not ac- ceptable to a text of a perfect origin, nor to one in which it is said, “For God is not the author of confu- sion” (1 Corinthians 14:33, KJV). 
The concept of the Trinity, that “God” consists of three persons, who are all “gods” themselves, specifi- cally “God” the Father, “God” the Son, and “God” the Holy Spirit, is the pillar of pagan Christian the- ology. But it was not always so. Actually, one finds a historic disconnect between the beliefs, on this issue, of the Eastern Church of the Levant and Byzantium and those of the Western Church of Rome, the latter supporting the pagan concept of human divinity and the former making a clear separation between god and man. 
For example, Theodotus of Byzantium (late 2nd century CE) was a Christian writer of the second cen- tury who believed that Jesus was a non-divine man, who was born of the Virgin Mary and who became the anointed-one, i.e. the Christ, at his baptism. There was also Paul of Samosata (200-275 CE), who was the Bishop of Antioch – not a low position – and who believed and preached that Jesus was neither a god nor part of some polytheistic concept called “Trini- ty.” However, due to complaints from the Trinitari- an clergy of Italy, their fellow pagan Roman emperor Aurelian helped remove Paul from his position. Even some “Church-recognized saints” rejected the Trinity, including Lucian of Antioch, who either died or was killed in 312 CE. 
The debate between Trinitarians and Unitarians reached the heights of popularity during the fourth century of the Christian calendar with the contenders Arius (250-336 CE) and Athanasius (296-373 CE). Arius, who adopted the creed of Lucian of Antioch, held that Jesus – while blessed with both prophecy and a virgin birth – was a human subordinate to the Almighty Creator. Athanasius, on the other hand, was a staunch supporter of the pagan idea that Jesus – the “Son of God” – was of the same essence as that of his “Father,” making both equal and forming, along with the “Holy Spirit,” a triune godhead. 
An attempt to settle this dispute was presented at the First Council of Nicaea in 325 CE, where the in- famous Nicene Creed was concocted after the Trin- itarians simply outnumbered the Unitarians. This resulted in a number of bishops from various parts of the Roman Empire being excommunicated for sid- ing with Arius and not accepting the Trinity. This did not last long, as thereafter one finds some archbish- ops of Constantinople, like Eusebius and Eudoxius, holding “Arian” creeds and who managed to have the 
pagan Athanasius removed from his position. Indeed, the list of other bishops who supported the “Arian” creed of theological unity is extensive, and it is merely a scholastic deception and political scheme to suggest that the majority of Christians have always held Trin- itarian beliefs. Rather, it is clear that the concept of the Trinity went through centuries of modification to meet the political demands of Roman society, to ap- pease pagan emperors and a polytheist elite. This is ever apparent to those who study this history and to those who know that the 25th of December – chosen by Trinitarians as Jesus’ birthday – was the day pa- gan Romans celebrated the birth of Sol Invictus, their “sun-god.” 
The battle between Trinitarian and Unitarian forms of Christianity, while certainly religious in nature, was ultimately only decided for the “Church” by politi- cal force. Notably, the Roman emperors of the fourth century played a key role in this battle. The pagan Ro- man Emperor Constantine, supporting his Trinitari- an allies, had all of Arius’ writings burned. However, on his deathbed, Constantine accepted Arius’ under- standing of Christianity and was baptized by Eusebius of Nicomedia, who was the strongest proponent of Arius at the time. Eusebius was also in charge of send- ing Arian teachers to teach religion to the first Gothic Christians, who in turn rejected the Trinity for sub- sequent generations. Constantine’s sons Constantine II and Constans were politically-motivated supporters of the Trinitarians, while their brother Constantius II 
was dedicated to the Arian cause. The latter was suc- ceeded by Julian, an apostate from pagan Christianity to Roman idolatry, who cared little for both sides of the dispute. Then came Jovian, who supported the Trinity, and after him was Valens – an Arian in creed. But his death brought the end of imperial support for Unitarianism and subsequent Roman emperors made Trinitarian Christianity the state religion. 
These disputes spawned various sects over the cen- turies. Of those who rejected the Trinity, there came Aëtius of Antioch and a number of bishops, including Theodulus, Eunomius, Paemenius and Euphronius, as well as the historian Philostorgius. Following them in the fifth century was Nestorius (386-450 CE), the Archbishop of Constantinople, the highest clerical rank in the early Eastern Church. He rejected call- ing Mary the ΘΕΟΤΌΚΟΣ “bearer of God,” thus refusing the “godhood” of Jesus himself. After facing persecution by the Trinitarians, his followers were forced to recant or flee. Many fled to Arabia, where the awaited Prophet mentioned in Deuteronomy was expected to appear. 
Despite the historical debate that revolved around the Trinity, simple logic proves the polytheistic nature of this concept. Since the Trinitarians claim that “the Father is God,” that “the Son is God,” that “the Holy Spirit is God,” and that each is a distinct person, then there are undoubtedly three “gods” in this doctrine. The very definition of polytheism is “the belief in multiple gods;” so, by definition, Trinitarian Christi- 
As for the textual evidence supplied by their clergy, it is both scant and downright inadmissible. The con- cept of the Trinity is easily the most important aspect of modern Christian theology, as it is the main idea surrounding every Christian’s object of worship. Yet, though it is of such extreme significance, there is no direct text in the entire Bible indicating this creed. That is, there is no verse directly stating that “God is three: the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit.” This posed a major problem for later Trinitarian clergy, whose only solution was to insert such alterations to an existing verse, deceiving countless adherents into believing that the Trinity is supported by the Scrip- ture. In the first of John’s epistles, one might find, “For there are three that bear record in heaven, the Fa- ther, the Word, and the Holy Ghost: and these three are one” (1 John 5:7, KJV). 
This verse contains what is called the Comma Jo- hanneum, the clause that follows the words “for there are three that bear record.” Regardless of its origin, which is disputed, there is textual agreement that this mention of “the Father, the Word, and the Holy Ghost” is spurious, being neither found in any of the oldest manuscripts nor used by any early Trinitarians against Arius and his fellow Unitarians – though if authentic, it would have certainly been taken as a sup- porting evidence. As such, more recent versions of the New Testament omit this modification. However, it is still found in the “official” Latin and subsequent Western European translations, which have been used by most Christians for the past hundreds of years. 
Others tried to justify the Trinity linguistical- ly, pointing to the Hebrew word for the Almighty, םיהלא “Elohim,” which is grammatically “plural.” But if plurality was the context in which they sought to understand the word “Elohim,” they would have to concede that there are multiple gods and not just one, which most dare not say lest they be exposed. As for the shameless of them, those who would concede this, they must then consider themselves essential polythe- ists. Rather, the םי -im plural suffix is used here and elsewhere as a majestic “plural,” which is a reference 
Along with the Trinity, an important discussion in Christian history was that of the nature of Jesus. Like- ly due to a population of priests coming from religious backgrounds of worshiping the Olympian “gods” and their “children,” whom they viewed as “demi-gods,” the question about Jesus – whom they called the “Son of God” – was significant to them. Rather than accept- ing him as a human being like other mortal prophets before him, they sought to elevate his status, as divine, to appease their pagan inclinations. 
The Aramaic word for son is רב “bar.” The same word could also mean “heir,” “beloved” or “pure,” as in Psalms 73:1, which includes בבל ירבל “li-bari leb- ab,” “for those pure of heart.” If Jesus actually did rec- ognize himself as the “bar” of Allah, as the Christians claim, then he would have meant that he inherited the message of Allah, or that he was Allah’s beloved, or that he was a pure worshiper of Allah. With these oth- er options for understanding this word, why would the “Church” insist that the meaning of bar is sim- ply “son?” It could have been that poor translations from Hebrew and Aramaic to Greek and Latin were to blame, as most of the “Church Fathers” were native Greek and Latin speakers. But it is most likely that the pagan influence of pre-Christian Rome was the biggest factor for such a deviation. 
Regardless, another obvious corruption is the claim that Jesus was not only “the Son of God,” but even “the only begotten” at that, while David is claimed to have said, “The Lord said to me, ‘You are my Son; today I have begotten you’” (Psalms 2:7). In Exodus, Moses is supposedly told by the Lord, “Then you shall say to Pharaoh, ‘Thus says the Lord, Israel is my firstborn son’” (Exodus 4:22). There are several other instances in the Bible that mention supposed “sons of God,” that they include the angels, as in Genesis 6:2 and Job 1:6, or all those who make peace, as in Matthew 5:9, or all who are led by “the Spirit of God,” as in Romans 8:14, or all who believe, as in John 1:12 and Galatians 3:26. The apologetic argument that there is 
If it is said that since he had no earthly father, being born of a virgin, he must therefore have a heavenly fa- ther – and this is indeed an argument some Christians use – then such is a logical fallacy that simply does not follow. Rather, a person who has no earthly father is merely a person who has no earthly father. There is no logical derivation that requires him to therefore have a non-earthly, or heavenly, father. 
Instead, one only needs to look at the example of Adam, the father of mankind, who himself had nei- ther mother nor father – whether earthly or heaven- ly. And even though he lived in the paradisal Eden, had angels bow to him, and had Allah speak to him, teaching him the names of all things, and became the father of all prophets and messengers, as well as of Mary, the mother of Jesus, they neither exalt Adam as “God’s son” nor even as “Jesus’ father,” while they quote Jesus as naming himself “Son of Man,” a clear reference to his greatest ancestor, Adam. Indeed, Allah said, “Verily the example of Jesus according to Allah is like that of Adam. He formed him of earth and then said, ‘Be,’ so he became” (Al ‘Imran 59), that is nei- ther Adam nor Jesus were made through procreation, but by the mere command of Allah for them to exist. The full reality of Jesus is mentioned in the Quran, in a verse directed to Christians and Jews, as Allah said, “O People of the Scripture, do not transgress in your religion and do not speak about Allah except the truth. The Messiah, Jesus Son of Mary, is but the Mes- senger of Allah and His Word He cast into Mary, and a spirit of His. So believe in Allah and His Messen- gers, and do not say He is three. Cease! Such is better for you. Allah is only one god, glorified is He above having a son. To Him belongs what is in the heavens and what is in the earth. And sufficient is Allah in whom to puts one’s trust” (An-Nisa 171). 
5 The whole concept of men being Allah’s “sons” is a fabrication of the priests and rabbis. Allah said, “The Jews and the Christians say, ‘We are the children of Allah and His beloved.’ Say, ‘Then why does He punish you for your sins?’ Rather, you are human beings from among those He has created. He forgives whom He wills, and He punishes whom He wills. And to Allah belongs the dominion of the heavens and the earth and whatever is between them, and to Him is the [final] destination” (Al-Maidah 18). 
As for those modern apologists who claim that the crucifixion of Jesus is a historical fact that none can deny, then this is something upon which the very text of the Bible casts doubt. The Synoptic Gospels, those of Matthew, Mark and Luke, share the same basic sto- ryline and information of the alleged crucifixion, each with only minor deviations from the others. The Gos- pel of John, however, stands distinct from the others in a very telling way. Regarding the crucifixion, John states that Jesus unequivocally carried his own cross to the place he would be crucified. “And he went out, bearing his own cross, to the place called the place of a skull, which in Aramaic is called Golgotha” (John 19:17). 
The others, however, belie this statement. In Mat- thew, “As they went out, they found a man of Cyrene, Simon by name. They compelled this man to carry his cross” (27:32). In Mark, “And they compelled a passerby, Simon of Cyrene, who was coming in from the country, the father of Alexander and Rufus, to carry his cross” (15:21). And in Luke, “And as they led him away, they seized one Simon of Cyrene, who was coming in from the country, and laid on him the cross, to carry it behind Jesus” (23:26). 
Matthew continues, “And when they came to a place called Golgotha (which means Place of a Skull), they offered him wine to drink, mixed with gall, but when he tasted it, he would not drink it. And when they had crucified him, they divided his garments among them by casting lots. Then they sat down and kept watch over him there. And over his head they put the charge against him, which read, ‘This is Jesus, the King of the Jews’” (Matthew 27:33-37). So after mentioning the transfer of the cross to Simon, and no mention of it returning to Jesus, there is a string of pronouns that apparently refer to Simon – not Jesus, i.e. “offered him wine,” “he tasted it,” “he would not drink it,” “they had crucified him,” “divided his gar- ments,” “kept watch over him,” and “over his head.” A stark similarity is found in Mark’s account. 
It is of the utmost importance to understand the historical implication of this situation. That is, Simon was from the Roman province of Cyrenaica, present day Barqah Wilayah of the Islamic State. Like other Roman citizens, his status as a freeman saved him from undue arrest and ill treatment by the Roman military and government. There is no reason, at least not given or rationally clear, why he would have been forced 
to carry the cross on Jesus’ behalf. If Jesus was utter- ly worn out due to torture and the harshness of his treatment, as some allege, then there would have been a countless number of slaves, an already con- victed criminal, or one of Jesus’ own disciples whom the guards could have em- ployed for this task. But here, one sees that it was Simon of Cyrene, a Roman citizen with no known criminal record and no attachment to Jesus’ call, but who instead “was coming in from the country,” who carried the cross in Jesus’ stead. 
Basilides, an early Christian preacher who died around 140 CE, was convinced – likely due to study- ing the Gospel of Matthew with his teachers, who re- portedly had an authentic copy thereof – that Jesus was not crucified, but that it was Simon of Cyrene who died upon the cross. Irenaeus quotes Basilides’ belief, saying, “Wherefore he did not himself suffer death, but Simon, a certain man of Cyrene, being compelled, bore the cross in his stead; so that this latter being transfigured by him, that he might be thought to be Jesus, was crucified, through ignorance and error” (Against Heresies I 24:4). 
ridiculous for two reasons. Firstly, the Jews themselves made the claim against Jesus and sought his death and the Romans agreed to their demands. Secondly, the Romans had laws by which they lived, and any Roman citizen, even if he was a Jew, had rights that no Roman authority would violate – at least not in public. It is written in Acts, regarding the interroga- tion of Paul by the Roman tribune and centurion, “But when they had stretched him out for the whips, Paul said to the centurion who was standing by, ‘Is it lawful for you to flog a man who is a Roman citizen and uncondemned?’ When the centurion heard this, he went to the tribune and said to him, ‘What are you about to do? For this man is a Roman citizen.’ So the tribune came and said to him, ‘Tell me, are you a Roman citizen?’ And he said, ‘Yes.’ The tribune answered, ‘I bought this citizenship for a large sum.’ Paul said, ‘But I am a citizen by birth.’ So those who were about to examine him withdrew from him im- mediately, and the tribune also was afraid, for he re- alized that Paul was a Roman citizen and that he had bound him” (22:25-29). 
Indeed, the tribune – a Roman official – was afraid after realizing that he had bound, i.e. compelled and subdued, a Roman citizen. What then of compelling Simon of Cyrene, a Roman citizen coming in from the country, even if a Jew, to bear the cross on behalf of a supposed convicted criminal? Regardless, he was not a Jew. Other than naming his sons Alexander and Rufus, both traditionally Roman names, his name 
This belief, that Simon was crucified instead of Je- sus, survived among Christians for centuries and ap- pears in the third century Second Treatise of the Great Seth, written from the first person perspective of Je- sus, stating, “For my death, which they think hap- pened, (happened) to them in their error and blind- ness, since they nailed their man unto their death… It was another, their father, who drank the gall and the vinegar; it was not I. They struck me with the reed; it was another, Simon, who bore the cross on his shoul- der. It was another upon whom they placed the crown of thorns… And I was laughing at their ignorance.” 
So even per the biblical account of the crucifixion according to the Synoptic Gospels, it can be deduced that Jesus was not crucified. Rather, the truth is that it was only made to appear as such. And while it is unknown exactly who was on the cross, as there is no authentic scripture giving his name or background, it certainly was not Jesus. On this point, Allah said of the Jews, “And their saying that, ‘We killed Christ, Je- sus Son of Mary, the Messenger of Allah,’ but they did not kill him, and they did not crucify him, but it was made to appear to them as such. And those who dis- agreed regarding that are in doubt of it. They have no knowledge thereof, but they only follow conjecture. And they did not kill him with certainty” (An-Nisa 157). 
While Christians claim to be followers of Christ, one finds their doctrines are overwhelmingly support- ed by Pauline writings. In fact, Paul – known in He- brew as Saul – authored most of the New Testament epistles. He claimed to have been taught the Gospel by Jesus himself, even though he never met him. He said, “For I would have you know, brothers, that the gospel that was preached by me is not man’s gospel. For I did not receive it from any man, nor was I taught it, but I received it through a revelation of Jesus Christ” (Ga- latians 1:11-12). Not surprising, his doctrine quite of- ten contradicted the words of Jesus as recorded in the four Canonical Gospels. Paul was initially an enemy to Nazarenes, the original Christians. He explained his hatred for Jesus, saying, “I myself was convinced that I ought to do many things in opposing the name of Jesus of Nazareth. And I did so in Jerusalem. I not only locked up many of the saints in prison after re- ceiving authority from the chief priests, but when they were put to death I cast my vote against them. And I punished them often in all the synagogues and tried to make them blaspheme, and in raging fury against them I persecuted them even to foreign cities” (Acts 26:9-11). 
after his alleged conversion. However, it is more likely that he intentionally sought to deviate the monotheis- tic Nazarenes in order to tarnish Jesus’ name – even if it meant Paul’s own persecution – as is the way of the treacherous Jews, who are famous for corrupting the Scripture. This is evidenced by that after his supposed conversion, he remained a liar and even adamantly opposed the divine Law of Moses while upholding obedience to the laws of man. Alleging adherence to the teachings of Christ, he taught things that directly opposed what Jesus brought. Such should be expected of Paul, who spoke harshly against the Law of Moses, saying things like, “Christ redeemed us from the curse of the law” (Galatians 3:13). Instead, he claimed, “But if you are led by the Spirit, you are not under the law” (Galatians 5:18). This is like the extreme Sufis who claim that when a person reaches a high spiritual sta- tus, the Shari’ah no longer applies to him – a concept roundly rejected by all Muslims. 
Paul also wrote, “For Christ is the end of the law for righteousness to everyone who believes. For Moses writes about the righteousness that is based on the law, that the person who does the commandments shall live by them. […] because, if you confess with your mouth that Jesus is Lord and believe in your heart that God raised him from the dead, you will be saved” (Romans 10:4-9). This complete disregard for Mosaic Law is incompatible with the words ascribed to Jesus, “Do not think that I have come to abolish the Law or the Prophets; I have not come to abolish them but to fulfill them. For truly, I say to you, until heaven and earth pass away, not an iota, not a dot, will pass from the Law until all is accomplished. Therefore whoever relaxes one of the least of these commandments and teaches others to do the same will be called least in the kingdom of heaven, but whoever does them and teaches them will be called great in the kingdom of heaven. For I tell you, unless your righteousness ex- ceeds that of the scribes and Pharisees, you will never enter the kingdom of heaven” (Matthew 5:17-20). By Matthew’s “testimony” of Jesus’ words, Paul shall be called least – rather, he will not even enter heaven as his righteousness (obedience to the Law) did not ex- ceed that of the scribes and Pharisees. Instead, it is as the Prophet Muhammad g said, “Verily Allah does not look at your images and your wealth, but he looks at your hearts and your deeds” (Muslim). 
To the Jews I became as a Jew, in order to win Jews. To those under the law I became as one under the law, though not being myself under the law, that I might win those under the law. To those outside the law I became as one outside the law (not being outside the law of God but under the law of Christ) that I might win those outside the law. To the weak I became weak, that I might win the weak. I have become all things to all people, that by all means I might save some” (1 Corinthians 9:19-22). So instead of being firm upon the truth of a single message, he would pretend to be a Nazarene, a Jew, a Gentile, and anything else for the sake of duping people into accepting him. His expla- nation is no more than a diplomatic justification for a major sin. 
But beyond these things, one must ask: Why is Paul, someone who never even met Jesus, considered the foremost authority on Christianity in a time when Jesus’ actual disciples lived? Many Christians point to a story, told by Paul himself, in which Christ ap- pears to Paul and appoints him as his representative on earth. In front of Herod Agrippa II in Caesarea, Palestine, Paul told the story of his conversion on the road to Damascus. He said, “In this connection I journeyed to Damascus with the authority and com- mission of the chief priests. At midday, O king, I saw on the way a light from heaven, brighter than the sun, that shone around me and those who journeyed with me. And when we had all fallen to the ground, I heard a voice saying to me in the Hebrew language, ‘Saul, Saul, why are you persecuting me? It is hard for you to kick against the goads.’ And I said, ‘Who are you, Lord?’ And the Lord said, ‘I am Jesus whom you are persecuting. But rise and stand upon your feet, for I have appeared to you for this purpose, to appoint you as a servant and witness to the things in which you have seen me and to those in which I will appear to you, delivering you from your people and from the Gentiles – to whom I am sending you to open their eyes, so that they may turn from darkness to light and from the power of Satan to God, that they may receive forgiveness of sins and a place among those who are sanctified by faith in me’” (Acts 26:12-18). This encounter was only witnessed by Paul, a known antagonist and proven liar, as those who were with him could not comprehend what was being told, as he himself claimed, “Now those who were with me saw the light but did not understand the voice of the one who was speaking to me” (Acts 22:9), or in the con- tradicting report, “The men who were traveling with 
Regarding supposedly divine visions that actual- ly cause corruption, Ibn Taymiyyah  said, “Many people have seen such apparitions, assuming them to be of Allah – exalted is He – but they are really of Satan. This kind of story occurred to more than one person, some of whom Allah protected by allowing them to recognize it was Satan. An example is that of Shaykh ‘Abdul-Qadir [al-Jilani] in his famous narra- tive, in which he said, ‘I was once in worship, when I saw a great throne – upon it light. It said to me, ‘O ‘Abdul-Qadir! I am your Lord, and I have permitted to you what I forbade to others.’ So I said, ‘Are you Allah, the One who there is no god but Him?! Be gone with you, O enemy of Allah!’ That light diffused and became darkness. It then said to me, ‘You escaped from me by your comprehension of religion, by your knowledge, and by the your spiritual awareness. In- deed, I have already seduced seventy men in this way.’’ When he was asked how he knew it was Satan, he said, ‘By his saying to me, ‘I have permitted to you what I forbade to others,’ for I knew that the Shari’ah of Muhammad g will not be abrogated or replaced. And because he said, ‘I am your Lord,’ and he was un- able to say, ‘I am Allah, the One who there is no god but Me’’” (Qa’idat Jalilah fit-Tawassul wal-Wasilah). If Paul did in fact see something then it was not Je- sus whom he saw on the road to Damascus, but Satan, he who inspired unto Paul to permit what was for- bidden, abandon the Law, and worship Christ instead of Allah. It is remarkably written in their own texts that Jesus said, “For many will come in my name, say- ing, ‘I am the Christ,’ and they will lead many astray” (Matthew 24:5).6 
6 All that has been written here is only a glimpse, a mere drop in a virtual sea of contradictions, fabrications, and ignorant sugges- tions found in the Christian source texts. For more information, one should look to any of the many detailed accounts of bibli- cal inaccuracies found in classical scholarly works, like al-Fisal fil-Milal by Ibn Hazm, al-I’lam by al-Qurtubi, al-Jawab as-Sahih by Ibn Taymiyyah, Hidayat al-Hayara by Ibnul-Qayyim, and others. 
people back to His worship. As the revelation Jesus came with was altered and lost, it was only a matter of time that the Creator of mankind would send another messenger. And knowing that the Bible was corrupted does not disqualify it from retaining some of its origi- nal message. Indeed, apart from the contradictory and clearly human alterations, one finds numerous verses of monotheism and divine law in the Old Testament and references of truth scattered throughout the New Testament. 
The Bible never precluded the existence of prophets after Jesus. As such, a Christian must consider claims of prophecy thereafter, but should follow some basic, sound criteria for determining the truth of anyone’s claim to prophethood. Otherwise, one would be left to either accept every claim, no matter how ludicri- ous or blasphemous it may be, or reject every claim, thus abandoning the belief in prophets without due evidence. Following such criteria will show that, after Jesus, there has been only one true prophet – Mu- hammad – whom the Quran declares to be the final messenger of the Lord, thus sealing the way for any liar to come after him and call himself a prophet. 
The first and perhaps greatest condition for accept- ing the claim that a prophet has come is the soundness of his creed. If he came with something that would twist worship away from the Creator and towards the created, then this would be a telltale sign of false prophecy and satanic intervention. Muhammad came with nothing less than pure monotheism. Despite its importance, the Trinity is not mentioned in any di- rect way – and only through corrupt interpretations – throughout the entire body of the Scripture. This is in stark contrast to the Quran, which explicitly states that there is no god except Allah dozens of times, and in perhaps countless other inexplicit ways, repeat- edly mentioning His oneness, that there is nothing like Him whatsoever, that He has no children and no partners, and that all worship must be for Him alone. Another condition would be that this prophet should be a role-model for those whom he calls. A known murderer, fornicator, thief, liar, or otherwise immoral person would not fit this description. On this, Allah said of His Prophet, “Surely there is a good role-model for you in Allah’s Messenger” (Al-Ahzab 21). Even before becoming a prophet, Muhammad was known to his people as نــملأا “al-Amin,” the trustworthy, and no one – even his fiercest enemies – would argue against his high moral character. 
those who hesitated to believe, the prophets worked miracles by the Almighty’s permission. Just as Moses parted the sea by Allah’s leave, and as Jesus healed the blind and raised the dead through the will of the Almighty, so too did Muhammad bring that which struck the doubters of his people with awe. The great- est of these miracles was the Quran itself. The Arabs had always been known for their poetry and focus on their language, each tribe reveling in its own dialect. Competitions were common, as one poet would chal- lenge another, usually from different tribes or clans, to impromptu poetic battles. Pageants were held in the great markets of Arabia to determine whose command of the language was best. But Muhammad was not a poet and the Quran is not poetry. Yet when these Ar- abs, even those who disbelieved in the Quran, heard its recital, they attested to its non-human origin – the believers affirming it as divine and the disbelievers al- leging it inspired by jinn or through magic. However, due to its lack of error and completely monotheistic message, the latter among the Arabs eventually suc- cumbed to the truth, that the Quran is Allah’s word, which cannot be imitated or successfully challenged. Other miracles performed through Muhammad in- cluded the splitting and merging of the Moon, feed- ing hundreds with a small amount of barley, once even feeding 900 soldiers with only a few dates, quenching an entire army’s thirst with water that poured from his fingers, and more than dozens of other miracles that were reported by large groups of people. He also told of what was yet to come, all of which unfolded as he said it would, as well as giving the news of the Negus’ death on the very day he died in Abyssinia, hundreds of miles away from the Prophet.7 
7 These miracles are elaborated, with proof of their undeniable authenticity, in books entitled Dalail an-Nubuwwah of various authors, like al-Firyabi, Abu Nu’aym, and al-Bayhaqi, as well as in biographical accounts of the Prophet’s life, like that of Ibn Hisham, the Jawami’ of Ibn Hazm, ad-Durar by Ibn ‘Abdil-Barr, Zad al-Ma’ad by Ibnul-Qayyim, al-Bidayah wan-Nihayah by Ibn Kathir, and many others. 
This verse describes a prophet like Moses from among the brothers of the Tribe of Israel, namely the Tribe of Ishmael, whom is unanimously agreed to be the ancestor of the ‘Adnani Arabs, to whom the Tribe of Quraysh, the Clan of Hashim, and thus Muham- mad, belong. He would recite, from his own mouth, the Lord’s words, as the Quran is known to be (not merely meanings “inspired” to mortal authors, as the Bible is claimed to be); and he will say whatever his Lord commands him to “Say!” Yes, as in the more than 200 places in the Quran where Allah commands Muhammad g to “say.” For example, “Say, ‘Which thing is greatest in testimony?’ Say, ‘Allah, a witness between me and you. And this Quran was inspired unto me, that with it I might warn you and whomev- er it reaches. Do you really testify that there are other gods with Allah?’ Say, ‘I do not testify.’ Say, ‘There is only one god and I am innocent of what you associate with Him in worship’” (Al-An’am 19). 
of the verses containing the command to “say” are di- rected to the People of the Scripture themselves, as in the verse, “Say, ‘O People of the Scripture, come to a word, common between us and you, that we will not worship except Allah, making nothing a partner to Him, and that we do not take each other as lords be- side Allah.’ Then, if they turn away, then say, ‘Testify that we have submitted’” (Al ‘Imran 64). And, “Say, ‘O People of the Scripture, you are upon nothing un- til you uphold the Torah, the Gospel, and what your Lord revealed to you’” (Al-Maidah 68). And, “Say, ‘O People of the Scripture, do not exaggerate beyond the truth in your religion, do not follow whims of a people who were misguided afore, and they already misguided many, straying off the path’” (Al-Maidah 77). Likewise, “And they said, ‘Never shall any en- ter the Garden, except those who were Jews or Chris- tians.’ Say, ‘Bring forth your proof if you are truth- ful’” (Al-Baqarah 111). “And they said, ‘Be Jews or Christians to be guided.’ Say, ‘Rather, the religion of Abraham, inclining to the truth, and he was not of the pagans’” (Al-Baqarah 135). 
onomy is Christ or John the Baptist, as held by var- ious Christian sects, is not supported by their own texts. Rather, there is no other person in history better fitting such a description of this coming prophet than Muhammad, the Messenger of Allah, who has be- come known by both friend and foe as “the Prophet.” Likewise, Jewish tribes – notably the Cohen fami- lies of Quraydhah and Nadir, as well as the Manasseh tribe of Qaynuqa – moved to the north of Paran (i.e. Hijaz) awaiting the Prophet, seeking the one who fits the description by the signs mentioned to them in their Torah and other scriptures. A famous pre-Islam- ic account, told by the Jews of Yathrib, tells of how two rabbis saved the town from complete destruction at the hands of a Yemeni king by explaining that the awaited Prophet shall come from Mecca and settle in Yathrib – which is exactly what Muhammad g did. Zayd Ibn Sa’nah, a Jewish scribe of Yathrib in the time of Muhammad, saw all the signs and embraced Islam and fought alongside the Prophet in many battles, eventually being killed for the cause of Allah in the Battle of Tabuk. Another Israelite scholar, ‘Abdullah Ibn Salam, also accepted Muhammad as the Prophet and followed him as one of his close companions. Of the Christians, it is well known that most of the Tayy tribe of Arabia became Muslims after ‘Adi Ibn Hatim – son of the famously generous Hatim at-Tayy – and Zayd al-Khayl met the Prophet and accepted Islam. Also in the current Torah, one finds, “And God came from Sinai; he dawned upon them from Seir; he shone forth from Mount Paran” (Deuteronomy 33:2). While the verbs “came,” “dawned,” and “shone” are in the past tense, there is consensus among bibli- cal scholars that other than the mention of Sinai, this verse prophesies future events.The “coming” from Si- nai is no doubt a reference to the Lord speaking to Moses atop Mount Horeb in Sinai. As for the “dawn- ing” from Seir, then it must refer to the beginning of Jesus’ mission, which was at Nazareth, a town not far from Seir, which was both a mountain and a vil- lage, located between Tiberias and Acre (Mu’jam al- Buldan). Regarding the “shining” from Mount Paran, then the mountain region of Hijaz – where Mecca is located – was known by the Hebrews as Paran, and the message of Muhammad is indeed a shining light. Allah said, “O People of the Scripture! Surely Our Messenger has come to you, clarifying to you much of what you used to conceal and pardoning much. Surely a light from Allah has come to you, as well as a clear book” (Al-Maidah 15). Furthermore, there is no 
doubt that Mecca was the dwelling place of Ishmael and his mother Hagar, whom the Lord guided to the well of Zamzam, which is found in the sanctuary of Mecca. This story is mentioned clearly in Genesis 21, where in reference to Ishmael, it says, “He lived in the wilderness of Paran” (Genesis 21:21). The previous- ly-mentioned verse in Deuteronomy 33 ends with, “and he came with ten thousands of saints: from his right hand went a fiery law for them” (33:2, KJV). The historian Ibn Ishaq wrote about the day Mecca was conquered by the Prophet that “all of those who took part in the conquest of Mecca – of the Muslims – were ten thousands” (Sirah Ibn Hisham), and in- deed the law brought by the Prophet Muhammad was fiery for those who disobeyed. Smith and Van Dyck, in their Arabic translation of the Bible, had “and from his right hand, there was the fire of a Shari’ah of theirs.” 
Of note, a chapter of the Quran begins, “By the fig and olive, by the mount of Sinin, and by this secure land” (At-Tin 1-3). Muslim scholars have linked the reference of the fig and olive to the Levant, which is a fertile home to these trees, and particularly Palestine, where Jesus was born, raised, and taught. They link the mount of Sinin, another name of Sinai, to Mount Horeb, where Moses received inspiration from his Lord. And as for “this secure land,” then there is no doubt it refers to Mecca and its surroundings – that is, Paran. 
Telling his disciples of one who will come after him, Jesus is recorded as saying, “Nevertheless, I tell you the truth: it is to your advantage that I go away, for if I do not go away, the Paraclete will not come to you. But if I go, I will send him to you. And when he comes, he will convict the world concerning sin and righteousness and judgment: concerning sin, because they do not believe in me; concerning righteousness, because I go to the Father, and you will see me no longer; concerning judgment, because the ruler of this world is judged” (John 16:7-11). 
praised one,” (as para- is a suffix of being, and kleton means “praise”). This is the direct translation of the name Muhammad, synonymous to the name Ahmad, which means “one defined by praise.” It is as Jesus actually said, “O Children of Israel, I am Allah’s Mes- senger to you, verifying what I have of the Torah and heralding another messenger who will come after me. His name is Ahmad (i.e. one defined by praise)” (As- Saff 6). The Prophet g himself said, “I am Muham- mad and Ahmad” (Al-Bukhari and Muslim). 
Though it is certain that the original was altered, whether through error or Satanic tampering, reading the word to mean “intercessor” is still more accurate to indicate Muhammad than any other proposed per- son. The Prophet Muhammad g said, “Each prophet prays a plea that is answered, and I made my plea to intercede for my nation on the Day of Resurrection” (Al-Bukhari and Muslim). He explained this inter- cession, telling that, on the Day of Judgment, people will flock to Adam, then Noah, then Abraham, then Moses, and then Jesus, seeking them to intercede with Allah on their behalves. Each of them will deny the responsibility and recommend they go to the one after him. The last of them, Jesus, responds to their request for intercession, saying, “My Lord’s wrath has never been as intense as today, nor shall it be again. My soul! My soul! My soul! Go to someone else. Go to Muham- mad!” At this, they will go to him and say, “O Mu- hammad, you are the Messenger of Allah and the Seal of the Prophets, and Allah has forgiven your previous sins and those you were yet to commit. Intercede for us with your Lord! Do you not see our condition? He will then go to the Throne and fall in prostration to his Lord. Allah will then teach him something of His praise untaught to anyone before him. It will then be said, “O Muhammad! Raise your head. Ask and you shall be given. Intercede and your intercession shall be granted.” He will then raise his head and say, “My nation, O my Lord! My nation, O my Lord! My na- tion, O my Lord!” It will then be said, “O Muham- mad! Enter whomever of your nation has nothing for which to account into the rightmost gate of Jannah” (Al-Bukhari and Muslim). The Prophet will continue, saying, “O my Lord! My nation, my nation!” So Allah will say, “Go forth and take out of the Fire whomever in whose heart has a barley stone’s weight of faith.” He will do so and repeat his plea until he intercedes for his entire nation, those of them who possessed the slightest faith (Al-Bukhari and Muslim). 
vict the world,” is a clear indication of a global mis- sion, not one designated to his people alone. Allah said, “Say, ‘O mankind! Verily I am Allah’s Messenger to all of you’” (Al-A’raf 158). This is different from the specific mission of Moses and Jesus, both of whom were sent only to the Children of Israel. Those Chris- tians who think Jesus was sent also to the Gentiles (i.e. non-Jews) should read that, “He [Jesus] answered, ‘I was sent only to the lost sheep of the house of Israel’” (Matthew 15:24). Even his disciples were supposedly given strict orders about to whom they should preach the gospel, “These twelve Jesus sent out, instructing them, ‘Go nowhere among the Gentiles and enter no town of the Samaritans, but go rather to the lost sheep of the house of Israel’” (Matthew 10:5-6). 
“Concerning sin, because they do not believe in me,” meaning his conviction will be against a world of people who do not believe correctly about Jesus, as even the Christians go to extremes, through their sinful worship of him. “And as Allah said, ‘O Jesus Son of Mary! Did you tell the people, ‘Take me and my mother as gods beside Allah?’ He said, ‘Glorified are You! It is not for me to say that which I do not deserve. If I said it, You would have known it. You know what is in myself, but I do not know what is in Yourself. Verily You are the Knower of the Unseen’” (Al-Maidah 116). 
Likewise, the correct belief about Jesus was men- tioned by Allah, who said, “The Messiah, Jesus Son of Mary, is but the Messenger of Allah and His Word He cast into Mary, and a spirit of His. So believe in Allah and His Messengers, and do not say He is three. Cease! Such is better for you. Allah is only one god; glorified is He above having a son” (An-Nisa 171). “Concerning righteousness, because I go to the Fa- ther, and you will see me no longer;” so he will reteach those who strayed, during centuries of having no pre- served divine message, the meaning of righteousness. This is found in the Quran, as Allah says, “It is not righteousness to turn your faces to the east and west, but righteous is whoever believes in Allah, the Last Day, the angels, the Scripture, and the Prophets, and gives the wealth he loves to relatives, orphans, the impoverished, stranded travelers, beggars, and to free captives; and establishes the prayer and gives charity – those who fulfil their pledges when they enter into covenants, being patient during harsh and difficult times and during war. These, they have been truthful, and these, they are the pious” (Al-Baqarah 177). 
this world is judged;” and is there something more clearly misunderstood in this time than the issue of governance?! Indeed, the Prophet Muhammad g clarified to the world the ultimate truth of the life in this world, that it is only for living by the rule of Allah, convicting to death and damnation those who opposed him. Allah said, “And fight them until there is no temptation and religion is entirely for Allah” (Al-Anfal 39), and “religion” here means the utmost authority in judgment and rule. 
It is also written of the Paraclete that, “When the Spirit of truth comes, he will guide you into all the truth, for he will not speak on his own authority, but whatever he hears he will speak, and he will declare to you the things that are to come” (John 16:13). Indicating that every word he taught was revealed to him by his Lord, the Prophet is described by Allah, who said, “He does not speak from desire. It is only revelation revealed” (An-Najm 3-4). As for declaring things that are to come, there are many examples of such prophesies collected in the sayings of Muham- mad g, and especially regarding the second coming of Jesus Christ. Regarding the end times, the Prophet said, “Allah will send Christ, Son of Mary, so he will descend to the white minaret in eastern Damascus, wearing two dyed garments, placing his hands on the wings of two angels – when he nods his head, beads of sweat would drop, and when he lifts his head, pearl- like beads would fall. Any disbeliever who feels the wind of his breath will die, and his breath will reach 
O People of the Scripture, follow the truth from your Lord, whom you claim to love. Would you fol- low your parents and ancestors if you knew they were walking into a fire? It is clear from their doctrines and the history of their “Church” that they had neither guidance nor comprehension in religion. It is as Al- lah said, “And when it is said to them, ‘Follow what Allah revealed,’ they say, ‘Rather, we follow that upon which we found our fathers.’ Even though their fa- thers did not comprehend a thing and were not guid- ed!” (Al-Baqarah 170). 
Believe in Allah, the True King, the Creator, and the One God, who has neither son nor partner, and who was neither begotten nor did He beget. Worship your Lord, who created both you and those before you, that you might be righteous. He made for you the earth as a bed, the sky as a structure, and sent down water from the sky, thereby producing fruits for your sustenance. So do not make rivals with Allah while you know. 
Why do you disbelieve in the signs of Allah? Be assured, Allah witnesses what you do. Furthermore, why do you avert those who believe from Allah’s path, seeking to alter it and make it crooked, while you are witnesses against yourselves? Your war against Islam will neither succeed nor benefit you. You will fail be- cause you fight against those who have allied with Allah. We believe in Him, what was revealed to us, and what was revealed afore, declaring and establish- ing His rule. But you are corrupt, disbelieving sinners. You do not even attempt to uphold the Torah and the Gospel by following the Prophet foretold in both scriptures, and Allah is not unaware of what you do. Do you claim that Jews and Christians follow the right religion and that they will enter the kingdom of heaven? There is no proof for this. Rather, the suc- cessful are only those who are upon the religion of Abraham, who was ever-inclined to the truth and was never a pagan. But if you continue to disbelieve, then know that you shall be defeated and then dragged al- together into Hell as your eternal, wicked abode. 
Know well that our fight will continue until you are defeated and submit to the rule of your Creator, or until we achieve martyrdom. Allah has made our mission to wage war against disbelief until it ceases to exist, as he has ordered us to kill all pagans wherever they are found. He said, “Then kill the pagans wher- ever you find them” (At-Tawbah 5). In His eternal wisdom, He made an exception to only one group of disbelievers. He said, “Fight those who neither be- lieve in Allah and the Last Day, nor do they forbid what Allah and His Messenger forbade, nor do they follow the religion of truth, of those who were given the Scripture, until they give the jizyah willingly while they are humbled” (At-Tawbah 29). 
So those who have been sent the Scripture before the Quran, namely the Jews and Christians, shall be spared if they pay the jizyah and accept its terms. These terms are based on elevating the true believers – the Muslims – over the disbelieving People of the Scripture who arrogantly reject the Lord’s message. These terms can be found in authentic texts relating to when the Caliph ‘Umar Ibn al-Khattab  made a covenant with the Christians of the Levant, name- 
ly that they do not build new monasteries, churches, or shrines in or around their cities; that they do not mend what was damaged thereof; that they do not restrict traveling Muslims from using their buildings for refuge; that they do not harbor spies or other en- emies; that they do not conceal when a Muslim is be- ing cheated or betrayed; that they neither display their pagan practices nor invite anyone to them; that they do not prevent any of their relatives from accepting Is- lam; that they make room for the Muslims and stand for them when they want to sit; that they do not wear weapons or bear arms; that they do not sell wines; that they do not display the cross atop their churches or in sight of the Muslims; that they do not raise their voic- es in their churches; and so forth. Any Christian or Jew who accepts the jizyah and then breaks any of the agreed upon stipulations shall find no security, and their blood thus becomes lawful to spill and wealth permissible to seize. For indeed, “Honor belongs to Allah, His Messenger, and to the believers, but the hypocrites do not know” (Al-Munafiqun 8). 
In the end, we challenge all of the arrogant Chris- tian disbelievers with the challenge presented by Allah for those who lie against Jesus, as the Lord said, “Ver- ily the example of Jesus according to Allah is like that of Adam. He formed him of earth and then said, ‘Be,’ so he became. So whoever disputes with you regard- ing him, after this knowledge has come to you, then say, ‘Come, let us call our sons and your sons, our women and your women, ourselves and yourselves, then humbly pray for Allah’s curse to be upon the li- ars’” (Al ‘Imran 59). 
I come from a family of Baptist Christians, so from a very young age they would send my cousin and me to Sunday school. There I would learn about the Bible, parts of which I even memorized, and also learn about the prophets. My journey towards Islam began when I was around 7 or 8 years old. My mother would take me to church on Sundays. While attending service one day as the members of the congregation were singing and danc- ing, I took a look around at the pictures they claimed to be of Jesus, angels, and others, as well as the crosses. I said to myself, “Something is wrong here,” because I remem- bered that the first two commandments were, “Thou shalt have no other gods before me” and “Thou shalt not make unto thee any graven image,” as I had been taught in Sunday school. 
So this had an affect on me as well as the fact that I used to see the pastor – who was married with children – com- ing next door to commit adultery. I would wonder how this man could lead me when he himself didn’t follow the Bible. I told my mother that I didn’t want to go back to church, and I would pray on my own based on what I’d learned from the Bible. Years later, my grandmother bought me a silver chain with a cross pendant. When I would wear the chain I would think to myself, “This pen- dant is an idol.” So I took it off and kept the chain. My 
In school, I was exposed to all the various religions but I remained upon what I knew. When I was around twenty years old, I would come to accept the religion of truth, Islam. I was working at a call center and got to know a Muslim co-worker there. We happened to share many of the same worldly interests, and for this reason, I would spend much time with him. I used to ask him many questions about the religion. In our conversations I would ask him about the beliefs of Muslims, and would also ask him about Jesus and Muhammad, and everything he told me made sense to me and was in line with what I remembered of the first two commandments, so I quickly gravitated towards Islam and soon found myself debating Chris- tians because I knew their beliefs were corrupt. 
Sometimes, because I was drawn to Islam, when I saw him praying, I would pray like him, and when I did, I would feel very calm afterwards. I accompa- nied him to the Friday sermon a couple of times to see what it was about, and then became certain that this was the true religion – the religion of Abraham, Moses, and Jesus. In the last conversation we had be- fore I embraced Islam, I told him that I was plan- ning on selling drugs to support my family. He said that this was wrong and that the ends don’t justify the means. So I replied, “You tell me that in Islam I can kill people but I can’t sell drugs to feed my family?” He then began explaining to me the ultimate purpose 
Abu Sa’d at-Trinidadi: There was a faction of Mus- lims in Trinidad that was known for “militancy.” Its members attempted to overthrow the disbelieving government but quickly surrendered, apostatized, and participated in the religion of democracy, demonstrat- ing that they weren’t upon the correct methodology of jihad. In my case, like so many other Muslims in the West, the da’wah to jihad took hold of me through the lectures of Shaykh Anwar al-‘Awlaqi . After lis- tening to his various lectures repeatedly, I gained a firmer understanding of what we as Muslims were supposed to be doing. 
I listened to his lecture series titled “Constants on the Path of Jihad” and his lecture series on “The Book of Jihad.” By Allah’s grace, there was a man of sound knowledge who I was able to refer to and who would answer any questions I had. His name was Shaykh Ashmead Choate and he had studied hadith and grad- uated from one of the Islamic colleges in the Middle East. He  made hijrah to the Islamic State and at- tained martyrdom fighting in Ramadi. 
Islam Abu ‘Abdillah  (another convert from Chris- tianity), Abu ‘Isa , and a number of other brothers from Trinidad that later made hijrah after us formed a group and would deal with some of the issues of the Muslims that people were afraid to deal with. One of our goals was to eventually make hijrah – when we had the ability to do so – and join the mujahidin striving to cleanse the Muslims’ usurped lands of all apostate regimes, and as a result, I would keep myself up to date on all the latest news around the Muslim world and the jihad fronts. We would weigh all of our options as we awaited our opportunity for hijrah. At the same time, we knew that we couldn’t just sit and dream while doing nothing, so whenever the disbe- lievers in Trinidad would kill or harm a Muslim, we would take revenge. We would work to accumulate money in order to buy weapons and ammo. Alham- dulillah, we were successful in many operations, and this was only by Allah’s grace. 
Abu ‘Abdillah, my wife, and I were arrested at one point, but the police weren’t able to make a case against us. We were nonetheless charged for possess- ing guns and ammunition. They seized my computer and phones and found the videos, books, and lectures on jihad. The taghut government of Trinidad then plotted against us, claiming that we were planning on assassinating the prime minister and a number of 
other ministers in order to cause chaos and panic in the country. That would have been an honor for us to attempt, but the reality of our operations was much smaller, as I described before. We were imprisoned for terrorism along with some Muslims who merely knew us as well as others whom we had never even met before. Alhamdulillah, they planned and plotted but Allah is the best of planners. They were unable to make a case against us and we were freed, by Allah’s permission, and despite being placed under surveil- lance, we went back to doing what we knew we had to do, commanding the good and prohibiting the evil. 
Abu Sa’d at-Trinidadi: The three of us decided to make hijrah to the Levant and join the Islamic State after witnessing the plight of the Muslims in the Le- vant, but we had some unfinished business with some disbelievers who had wronged the Muslims in the community. Our tickets were already booked, and we were ready to depart within a week but we felt guilty leaving without finishing what needed to be taken care of. It was a difficult decision, and it was for this reason that we would later look back at this moment and say that perhaps it was a final test from Allah to see if we were worthy of being granted the honor of hijrah and jihad. As painful as it was, we decided to delay our hijrah, and there soon came an opportunity to exact revenge on the two kafir criminals we were hunting. 
The operation was carried out in the middle of the city in broad day light and was caught on cam- era. It wasn’t our plan for it to occur that way, but it happened according to Allah’s decree. Following the operation, Abu ‘Abdillah and Abu ‘Isa were arrested, and I went into hiding. We decided that we had to leave Trinidad nonetheless because nothing was going to stop our hijrah, by Allah’s permission. Once more, Allah bestowed a tremendous favor on us as Abu ‘Isa was released pending investigation. Abu ‘Abdillah was also released and we left Trinidad one-by-one. I left first along with my wife, followed by Abu ‘Abdillah, and then Abu ‘Isa, and we met up in Venezuela. We had missed our original flights so we had to stay there for some time until we were able to book new flights. 
Abu ‘Isa was martyred in Marista, a village close to Azaz, during the height of the Sahwah in the Le- vant. While he was stationed in ribat in the village, the apostates came and attacked with a large force, including BMPs and heavy weapons. The brothers were about 15 in number and were only armed with Kalashnikovs. After the initial skirmish, the brothers decided to withdraw. Abu ‘Isa and another brother stayed back to cover them as the others withdrew. When they were looking to make their exit they were flanked by the apostates and Abu ‘Isa was shot several times, but he didn’t die until the apostates approached and executed him with a close range head shot as he was lying on the ground wounded. Alhamdulillah, later on that day the brothers took back the village, and they later mentioned to us that when they bur- ied Abu ‘Isa and the other martyrs, there was a very strong smell of musk. 
As for Abu ‘Abdillah, then he was martyred in Maghribtayn, a village close to the town of Sirrin in the Aleppo countryside, after spending almost two years fighting for the cause of Allah. His martyrdom came as he and the brothers with him were engaged in fierce battles against the Crusader-backed forces in the region. The Crusader planes and drones were fly- ing overhead and Abu ‘Abdillah was leading a team of 4 snipers. He was doing such a good job that the apostates would not shoot at the other brothers and would instead focus on his position. How it got to that point was that everyone would call him to engage 
His spotter, Abu Samir, also from Trinidad and a convert from Christianity, was shot and had to leave for medical treatment, but Abu ‘Abdillah didn’t stop fighting. The last thing I heard from him on the ra- dio was, “My position is compromised. I’m changing position.” What we saw was all the bullets from the apostates going towards his position and he was hit in the head before he could make his move. When the brothers found his body, he was smiling and looked like he was sleeping. 
Abu Sa’d at-Trinidadi: In Trinidad, about 7-10% of the population ascribes to Islam, although many of them are apostates having nothing to do with Islam except its name. When I still was living there, there were Murjiah, modernists, and Tabligh, with a few pockets of pro-Saudi “Salafi” deviants. There are very few people upon the sound creed now, especially as most of them have performed hijrah. Those who’ve re- mained behind and have neglected to perform hijrah – while having the ability to do so – clearly have some weakness in their faith which they have to correct. 
Abu Sa’d at-Trinidadi: I praise Allah for granting me the opportunity to make hijrah and wage jihad. This was truly an immense favor from Him. When we first made hijrah, we never imagined that we would witness the dream of Caliphate becoming a reality. We felt that it was close, but we thought that our blood would water the ground and our skulls would prop up the flag of tawhid (Islamic monotheism), paving the way for others to carry on in this mission and revive the Caliphate, but by Allah’s grace, Abu ‘Abdillah and I saw that dream become a reality. I could never thank Allah enough for allowing me to be among the first of our people to share in making this dream a reality. 
Abu Sa’d at-Trinidadi: The first part of my message is to those who claim Islam and yet blindly follow the muftis and imams: In calling you to vote for the taghut leaders they are calling you to commit kufr, yet you obey and follow them, thereby apostatizing. I say to you, fear Allah and return to the religion. Return to the book of Allah and the Sunnah of our beloved prophet g, for they are sufficient for us as a guide. Do not become deluded and allow yourselves to follow these evil leaders. Read the biography of our beloved prophet g so you can see how he dealt with various matters. Following the palace scholars is not from the religion of truth. Fear Allah as he should be feared, and wake up and come back to the true reli- gion before it’s too late. 
To those I know who have learned the sound creed, I say, what is the matter with you? You’ve been de- ceived and deluded by the devil. Years have gone by and you still haven’t performed hijrah to the land of Islam, your land, the place that we used to speak about and dream of. It has become a reality, and yet you’ve become from amongst those who remained behind. You wanted your children to live in a land where Al- lah’s law is the highest, yet you now remain in a place where you have no honor and are forced to live in humiliation, subjugated by the disbelievers. Do not be from those about whom Allah c mentioned in the noble Qur’an. “Indeed, those whom the angels take [in death] while wronging themselves – [the angels] will say, ‘In what [condition] were you?’ They will say, ‘We were oppressed in the land.’ The angels will say, ‘Was not the earth of Allah spacious [enough] for you to emigrate therein?’ For those, their refuge is Hell – and evil it is as a destination” (An-Nisa 97). Who were they? They were the ones that did not perform hijrah to the land of Islam. 
ability to terrify the disbelievers in their own homes and make their streets run with their blood. Where is your jealousy for the religion? They are bombing your brothers and sisters day and night in the land where Allah’s law is supreme. It is an obligation upon you to act and force them to think thrice before bombing the Muslims. Therefore, terrorize the disbelievers and make them feel fear everywhere, even in their own bedrooms. Due to their mere disbelief, their blood by default is lawful to spill. How much more obligato- ry is it to do so after they’ve waged war against the Muslims and killed their women and children. For this reason, amongst others, the Islamic State leader- ship emphasized the importance not to differentiate between disbelieving soldiers and their so-called “ci- vilians.” 
Attack the interests of the Crusader coalition near you, including their embassies, businesses, and “civil- ians.” Burn down their government institutions just as they try to bomb our buildings where Allah’s law is upheld. Follow the example of the lions in France and Belgium, the example of the blessed couple in Cali- fornia, and the examples of the knights in Orlando and Nice. If you do so then your reward is with Allah and you will have no regrets when you meet Him. If, however, you abandon your brothers while continu- ing to live in the shade of an enemy at war with Islam, within a petty distance from many Crusader interests, then do not be shocked if Allah strips you of the speck of faith remaining in your dying hearts, as a punish- ment for your sin and insincerity. 
Abu Sa’d at-Trinidadi: To the Christians I say, you know that you have strayed far away from the true teachings of Abraham, Moses, and Jesus . Your book was corrupted long ago by your leaders. I call on you to remember the first two commandments, for they are what led me to Islam and to the true teach- ings of all the prophets. Submit to the one who creat- ed you and do not differentiate between the prophets, for they all came with the same message. Follow the final messenger, Muhammad g, for in doing so you will be following all of the prophets . If you refuse, then we offer you the option to pay jizyah and live under the authority of Islam in humiliation. If you refuse, then the only thing between you and us is the sword. 
Born to parents of Jamaican and Guyanese origin, Abu ‘Abdillah al-Canadi and his younger brother Abu Ibrahim al-Canadi were raised in Calgary, Alberta as Christians before later embracing Islam. Abu ‘Ab- dillah was the first of the two to convert, and would spend much of his time studying the religion by read- ing books and listening to lectures. His brother, Abu Ibrahim, soon took notice when he came to visit him one day and found that his apartment was completely empty apart from the stereo he was using for listen- ing to lectures. When he found Abu ‘Abdillah keenly listening to lectures by Shaykh Anwar al-‘Awlaqi on topics such as jihad, his immediate thought was, “O great, my brother has become a terrorist.” 
Abu ‘Abdillah took the opportunity to give him da’wah (i.e. he called him to Islam) and provide him with a translation of the Quran as well as some books on Islam, and it wasn’t long before they were even lis- tening to lectures together. Abu Ibrahim was open to his brother’s da’wah as he himself had been contem- plating about his Creator, had become disillusioned with Christianity, and couldn’t find the answers to the questions he had. When he read the books his brother gave him, however, he found the answers to his ques- tions, and shortly afterwards embraced Islam. 
study, and one-by-one they began popping up in the Levant. The two brothers began taking notice as they kept hearing of another member of their group reach- ing the lands of jihad and joining the mujahidin. Abu Ibrahim had a desire to travel overseas and actually study Islam, but his brother, like the other members of the group, was already making plans to perform hi- jrah and wage jihad, so he told Abu Ibrahim to forget his plans because the two of them were going to join the mujahidin. 
They soon left for Egypt under the pretext that they were going to study Arabic, with the hope that they could make their way from there to the Levant. When the protests against the taghut Morsi broke out, they tried to use it as an opportunity to leave the country and make their way to the Levant, but were detained at the airport for questioning by the Egyptian author- ities. The authorities first questioned Abu Ibrahim alone while Abu ‘Abdillah had to sit outside the office as he waited for his turn to be questioned. Abu Ibra- him made up a cover story during the course of the questioning in order to conceal his and his brother’s intentions to perform hijrah and join the mujahidin. When the questioning was over, they made the mis- take of having him wait outside the office before they had even called his brother in. This gave him a few precious minutes to tell his brother what they had asked him and how he had responded so that they could coordinate their stories. After Abu ‘Abdillah was questioned they were both released, leaving them free to continue their hijrah and make their way to the Le- vant, where they joined “Jaysh al-Muhajirin wal-An- 
When the two brothers initially arrived in the Le- vant, they were eager to do their training and head out to the battlefield. At the time, the mujahidin were preparing for a major operation in Hamah, so the two brothers headed out along with the rest of their battal- ion, leaving their base in ‘Anadan in the Aleppo coun- tryside and remaining stationed in Hamah in prepa- ration for the operation. They had to exercise patience during this period as they awaited their opportunity to fight and attain martyrdom. For Abu ‘Abdillah, however, that opportunity would be delayed as he and a number of other mujahidin in their battalion were sent back to ‘Anadan to guard their base, look after the families of the mujahidin who were in Hamah, and receive any new muhajirin joining the battalion. He gracefully accepted this decision and reminded the brothers with him that Allah was testing their pa- tience and that soon their opportunity to fight would come. What helped keep him firm then as well as in the face of many other difficult circumstances was that Abu ‘Abdillah would regularly recall there was wisdom behind Allah’s decrees. 
portunity to perform ribat (frontier guarding) and take part in battles against the enemies of Allah would come much later due to his medical condition. He had a blood disorder, which made it difficult for him to take part in any activities that could lead to stren- uous or stressful circumstances. However, just as his brother had refused to let his asthma get in the way of fighting for the cause of Allah, so too did Abu ‘Abdil- lah refuse to let his condition prevent him from doing the same. They had both struggled to perform hijrah despite their conditions, and were not about to give up after reaching the point they had come to. Thus, Abu Ibrahim performed ribat and also took part in a number of battles, both in Aleppo and Hamah, and Abu ‘Abdillah waited patiently until his opportunity to perform ribat and fight finally came a few months after the start of the Sahwah in the Levant. During this period of waiting and preparation, Abu ‘Abdillah would contribute to the efforts of the mujahidin by taking on other roles. 
His brother, having taken part in the operation in Hamah, later headed out with a group of mujahidin to join the effort to capture the city of Safirah in the Aleppo countryside from the Nusayri regime short- ly before the start of the Sahwah in the Levant. He took part in a battle in the village of Tall Hasil locat- ed near Safirah and was quick to volunteer when the commander asked for a group of brothers to infiltrate 
Nusayri territory. During the course of the operation, Abu Ibrahim was shot in the foot by a sniper. The bul- let went through his bone, requiring a longer period of recovery before he would eventually return to combat several months later. During his period of recovery, he would help the mujahidin in other capacities, such as managing the battalion’s finances and equipment. During this period, the two brothers continued hear- ing of their friends from Calgary attaining martyrdom one after another. They also learned of Abu Talhah al-Canadi’s presence in the city of Aleppo and were eager to meet him. They finally got the opportunity to see him shortly before he was martyred after the start of the Sahwah. 
A few months later, Abu Ibrahim would make his return to the frontlines as the Islamic State went on the offensive in Sirrin against the apostates of Liwa’ Thuwwar ar-Raqqah, an operation in which he was tasked with leading a group of approximately a doz- en mujahidin. He was more suited for this role than many of the other brothers, as he had been dedicating much of his free time towards studying tactics and strategy. Following the mujahidin’s capture of the city and later, the grain silos, he and his brother remained stationed there in ribat together with their battalion in order to defend the town against any attempted advances by the PKK. Soon afterwards, they would 
both head out to Shaddadi and take part in battles taking place in the region, in addition to also fight- ing in the battles around Sirrin. When the Islamic State made a major advance towards ‘Ayn al-Islam, the two brothers fought in the ranks of the soldiers of the Caliphate advancing towards the city, and contin- ued playing a role in the campaign as they performed ribat in the ‘Ayn al-Islam countryside while battles continued inside the city. They were known for being fierce in battle, and were also very generous towards their brothers. They would buy equipment for their fellow mujahidin when they saw them in need, and allow them to borrow their expensive weapons for use in battle. Abu ‘Abdillah even gave away his first gun when he bought a new one. 
A few months after the start of the campaign to lib- erate ‘Ayn al-Islam and the ensuing intervention by the Crusader coalition, Abu Ibrahim and Abu ‘Abdil- lah attained martyrdom in a Crusader airstrike while stationed in Ashraf, an area adjacent to the plains of Dabiq. The two had been very close throughout their lives and had now achieved their goal together. They had abandoned Christianity and embraced Is- lam together, learned together, made hijrah together, fought together, and were killed together. May Allah raise them together on the Day of Judgment and enter them into the highest levels of Paradise. 
Since the earliest days of the Arian contro- versy between the Trinitarians and Unitari- ans, the Pope of Rome’s office was occupied by pontiffs fiercely against monotheism. This blaze was relit in the seventh century, when the Prophet Muhammad g came out to profess that there is nothing deserving to be worshiped except Allah alone, without part- ner. Some centuries later, at the Council of Clermont, Pope Urban II made the Church’s stance on Islam quite clear. Claiming him- self divinely inspired, he called for destroy- ing all Muslims who spread Allah’s rule, say- ing, “On this account I, or rather the Lord, beseech you as Christ’s heralds to publish this everywhere and to persuade all people of whatever rank, foot-soldiers and knights, poor and rich, to carry aid promptly to those 
Christians and to destroy that vile race from the lands of our friends.” This launched the Crusades, which continue today. Popes thereafter, for centuries, overtly and loudly professed their goal of eradicating Islam through war and conversion, as the 15th century Pope Callixtus III made a vow “to extirpate the diabolical sect of the reprobate and faithless Mahomet [Islam] in the East;” and as his predecessor Eugene IV expressed his hope that “very many from the abominable sect of Mahomet will be converted to the Catholic faith” (Council of Basel in 1434). 
As the war between Islam and the pagan Church raged, and for fear of losing their own followers to Is- lam, some on the Christian side began speaking more directly about their enemy and the real Islamic goal to destroy their manmade systems and perverted “free- doms.” Benedict XVI – the predecessor of Francis – explained, for example, that democracy “contradicts the essence of Islam, which simply does not have the separation of the political and the religious sphere that Christianity has had from the beginning” (Truth and Tolerance). Despite being a liar, he certainly spoke the truth on this issue – democracy undoubtedly contra- dicts the essence of Islam – showing thereby that the apostates from Islam, like many of the “imams” in the West and teachers at so-called “Islamic” universities, have less of an understanding of Islam than Benedict the Disbeliever has. 
Some time later, Benedict would again attempt to disparage Islam by mocking the Prophet Muhammad g, but for something the Prophet shared with most of the prophets of the Torah, the Psalms, and the Gospel, which was the order to spread the religion by the sword.1 Benedict thus belittled the order found in the Old and New Testaments for war against the pagans upon quoting the Byzantine Emperor Manu- el II Palaiologos, who had said, “Show me just what Mohammed brought that was new, and there you will find things only evil and inhuman, such as his com- mand to spread by the sword the faith he preached.” The religion of Islam will continue to be spread by the sword, even if Benedict despises such. May Allah expose Benedict’s evil and inhumanity and uncover for the world the true reason behind his scandalous resignation from the pagan Papacy. 
garding their enmity for Islam and its teachings, the current pope, Francis, has struggled against reality to advertise the apostate’s perversion of Islamic teachings as the actual religion of Muslims. So while Benedict and many before him emphasized the enmity between the pagan Christians and monotheistic Muslims, Francis’ work is notably more subtle, steering clear of confrontational words that would offend those who falsely claim Islam, those apostates whom the Crusad- ers found played the perfect role for their infiltration into Muslim lands. While Benedict XVI met public disapproval for quoting a centuries-old Byzantine em- peror, Francis continues to hide behind a deceptive veil of “good will,” covering his actual intentions of pacifying the Muslim nation. This is exemplified in Francis’ statement that “our respect for true follow- ers of Islam should lead us to avoid hateful general- izations, for authentic Islam and the proper reading of the Quran are opposed to every form of violence” (The Joy of the Gospel). 
Part of this approach to subdue Muslims through appeasement involves coordinating with the infa- mous Ash’ari Sufi institute, al-Azhar University, false- ly attributed to being representative of Sunni Muslims worldwide. This method is an attempt to justify devi- ating claims that the Muslim nation has no central au- thority – as in a caliphate – but is rather “managed” in some way by scholars at universities. Adnane Mokrani, a Tunisian slave to the Catholic Church, commented on Francis’ embracing of Ahmed el-Tayeb – the leader of Cairo’s al-Azhar University – saying, “Islam is not like the Catholic Church. There is no single, central 
homosexuality, coming soon after the Orlando attack against Crusader sodomites – this is part of the papal mission to garner any support possible, even from the likes of filthy, effeminate sodomites, in the crusade against the Muslim nation in general and the Islamic State in particular. As such, Francis is taking the route traveled by his counterparts from the apostate “schol- ars” at al-Azhar and in Medina, namely the path of overlooking the clear call to warring against shirk and its people throughout the Quran and Sunnah – and instead altering the religion to fit some devilish “inter- faith” fantasy, far removed from the truth, which one is naturally inclined to seek. 
This is all part of a plan to demilitarize Islam or, to put it more correctly, to remove the clearly Qu- ran- and Sunnah-based duty of waging jihad against pagans until all the world is ruled by the Shari’ah. It is just as Lawrence Franklin, an Israeli spy who worked for the United States government, advised the Pope, that he should “challenge Islamic leaders to institute specific reforms which would root out theological jus- tification for violent and intolerant behavior.” 
This is echoed by William Kilpatrick, former lectur- er at Boston College, a Jesuit institute, who has called for an encyclical letter from the Pope to his global pa- rishioners explaining the danger of Islam itself – and not just a “bad” or “radical” version of it. Kilpatrick recognized Francis’ tactic of accommodation that downplays the actual role of the sword in the teach- ings of the Prophet Muhammad g, but also realized that the more the disbelievers and apostates attempt to remove aspects of Islam from the religion, the more the newly devout will move away from the so-called “mainstream” and towards the Islamic State, which represents the original global call of Allah’s Messenger g. The reason for being more direct about the threat of Islam as a whole – which he claims is the religion of “1.6 billion people” – is summarized in Kilpatrick’s words, “And the reason that we should criticize this rapidly growing and aggressively proselytizing faith is that, if we don’t, it may soon become the faith of 7.6 billion people – that is to say, the entire population of the planet.” 
authority. There are institutions, traditional universi- ties of the Islamic world.” Rather, history and texts refute this foolish and obviously ill-intended state- ment. After the passing of the Prophet Muhammad g, his companions agreed that the most significant matter facing the Muslim nation was appointing its next leader, its next central authority. They did so in a timely manner, and a successive authority contin- ued unbroken for hundreds of years. This successive authority, called the Caliphate, was reestablished in “2014” through the pledging of allegiance to Shaykh Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi . 
While previous popes spoke against Islam due to the actual reality they faced, based on mutual enmity between the pagan Christians and monotheistic Mus- lims, recent popes – and especially Pope Francis – have attempted to paint a picture of heartwarming friend- ship, seeking to steer Muslim masses away from the obligation of waging jihad against disbelief. Assisting the Crusaders in their aim at placation, el-Tayeb said of his dear friend Francis, “this man is a man of peace, a man who follows the teaching of Christianity, which is a religion of love and peace … a man who respects other religions and shows consideration for their fol- lowers” (Vatican Radio). 
In this vein, it is not only the Church’s historical view on Islam that Francis altered and misrepresent- ed. Following the Orlando raid by Omar Mateen , Francis said that sodomites “must not be discriminat- ed against, that they must be respected and accompa- nied pastorally … The problem is a person that has a condition, that has good will and who seeks God. Who are we to judge?” Completely disregarding his own Church’s doctrine of judging homosexuals as im- moral for engaging in the perverted act of sodomy, Francis has again sidestepped religion for the sake of public opinion. But to completely change pace with history and alter biblical teachings, once again, the Pope called for Christians to apologize to sodomites – a people named after Sodom and Gomorrah – for the harm caused to them. 
It is very possible that Francis’ care for sodomites reflects their history in the Papacy, including previ- ous popes Benedict IX, Julius II, Leo X, and Julius III, as well as countless Catholic priests – the mention of whom has become synonymous with boy rape. If so, as the Pope represents his faithful followers, one could undoubtedly say that this is what Christiani- ty has come to accept. However, it is more apparent that – given the timing of the Pope’s comments on 
Images of Islamic State lions engaging their prey on the battlefields of Iraq, the Levant, and other front- lines – as well as in Paris, Brussels, Orlando, and other cities behind enemy lines – deliver a clear message to the Crusaders and their allies: This is a divinely-war- ranted war between the Muslim nation and the na- tions of disbelief. Despite this clarity, many people in Crusader countries express shock and even disgust that Islamic State leadership “uses religion to justify violence.” Indeed, waging jihad – spreading the rule of Allah by the sword – is an obligation found in the Quran, the word of our Lord, just as it was an obli- gation sent in the Torah, the Psalms, and the Gospel. In the remnants of the Torah, it is found that “the Lord is a person of war” (Exodus 15:3), and that – regarding the Children of Israel going into Palestine – “When the Lord your God brings you into the land that you are entering to take possession of it, and clears away many nations before you, the Hittites, the Girgashites, the Amorites, the Canaanites, the Perizz- ites, the Hivites, and the Jebusites, seven nations more numerous and mightier than yourselves, and when the Lord your God gives them over to you, and you defeat them, then you must devote them to complete 
“When you draw near to a city to fight against it, offer terms of peace to it. And if it responds to you peaceably and it opens to you, then all the people who are found in it shall do forced labor for you and shall serve you. But if it makes no peace with you, but makes war against you, then you shall besiege it. And when the Lord your God gives it into your hand, you shall put all its males to the sword, but the women and the little ones, the livestock, and everything else in the city, all its spoil, you shall take as plunder for yourselves. And you shall enjoy the spoil of your en- emies, which the Lord your God has given you. Thus you shall do to all the cities that are very far from you, which are not cities of the nations here. But in the cities of these peoples that the Lord your God is giving you for an inheritance, you shall save alive nothing that breathes, but you shall devote them to complete destruction, the Hittites and the Amorites, the Canaanites and the Perizzites, the Hivites and the Jebusites, as the Lord your God has commanded, that they may not teach you to do according to all their 
abominable practices that they have done for their gods, and so you sin against the Lord your God” (Deuteronomy 20:16). And as David was quoted, saying to his enemy, “This day the Lord will deliver you into my hand, and I will strike you down and cut off your head” (1 Samuel 17:46), and after conquering him, he re- portedly beheaded him. “Then David ran and stood over the Philistine [Goliath] and took his sword and drew it out of its sheath and killed him and cut off his head with it … And David took the head of the Philistine and brought it to Jerusalem … And as soon as David returned from the striking down of the Philistine, Abner took him, and brought him before Saul with the head of the Philistine in his hand” (1 Samuel 17:51-57). 
Once the rule of the Lord was established, the sword was not to be put away but rather remain ever-un- sheathed to implement the Law. The blasphemer was killed by stoning. “Whoever blasphemes the name of the Lord shall surely be put to death. All the congre- gation shall stone him” (Leviticus 24:16). As for the apostate or any who calls to worshiping other gods, then “you shall not yield to him or listen to him, nor shall your eye pity him, nor shall you spare him, nor shall you conceal him. But you shall kill him. Your hand shall be first against him to put him to death” (Deuteronomy 13:8-9). Likewise, the murderer was executed. “Whoever takes a human life shall surely be put to death” (Leviticus 24:17). And sodomites were slain. “If a man lies with a male as with a wom- an, both of them have committed an abomination; they shall surely be put to death; their blood is upon them” (Leviticus 24:13). Furthermore, there was ret- ribution (known as “qisas” in the Shari’ah). “If anyone injures his neighbor, as he has done it shall be done to him” (Leviticus 24:19), and “you shall pay life for life, eye for eye, tooth for tooth, hand for hand, foot for foot, burn for burn, wound for wound, stripe for stripe” (Exodus 21:23-25). In Psalms, a wisdom be- hind divinely-ordained killing is mentioned. “When He killed them, they sought Him; they repented and sought God earnestly” (Psalms 78:34), just as else- where in the Old Testament, one finds that “cursed is he who keeps back his sword from bloodshed” (Jere- miah 48:10). 
“Prince of Peace,” is recorded in their scripture as say- ing, “Do not think that I have come to bring peace to the earth. I have not come to bring peace, but a sword” (Matthew 10:34). There is also Jesus’ order to his followers of being armed, as it is said, “And let the one who has no sword sell his cloak and buy one” (Luke 22:36). Also, while telling a parable, it is writ- ten that Jesus said, “But as for these enemies of mine, who did not want me to reign over them, bring them here and slaughter them before me” (Luke 19:27). As for upholding the Law, then in an apparent move to command virtue and forbid vice, which is chiefly done with physical force, all four “gospels” mention the story of Jesus violently expelling the moneychang- ers from the temple. “And Jesus entered the temple and drove out all who sold and bought in the temple, and he overturned the tables of the money-changers and the seats of those who sold pigeons. He said to them, ‘It is written, ‘My house shall be called a house of prayer,’ but you make it a den of robbers’” (Mat- thew 21:12-13). Furthermore, everything that was mentioned from the Old Testament of war and en- forcing laws was kept, unless specifically mentioned otherwise, in the Gospel of Jesus. “Do not think that I have come to abolish the Law or the Prophets; I have not come to abolish them but to fulfill them” (Mat- thew 5:17). 
Furthermore, the lucrative African slave trade would have continued, supporting a strong economy. The Islamic leadership would not have bypassed Allah’s permission to sell captured pagan humans, to teach them, and to convert them, as they worked hard for their masters in building a beautiful country. Nota- bly, of course, those of them who converted, practiced their religion well, and were freed would be treated no differently than any other free Muslim. This is un- like when the Christian slaves were emancipated in America, as they were not afforded supposedly gov- ernment-recognized equal “rights” for more than a century – and their descendants still live in a nation divided over those days. 
All of this would be done, not for racism, nation- alism, or political lies, but to make the word of Allah supreme. Jihad is the ultimate show of one’s love for his Creator, facing the clashing of swords and buzz- ing of bullets on the battlefield, seeking to slaughter His enemies – whom he hates for Allah’s hatred of them. A religion without these fundamentals is one that does not call its adherents to fully manifest and uphold the love of the Lord. 
love for the Creator and instead devoted themselves to loving the created, paying no heed to Jesus’ recorded word, “No servant can serve two masters, for either he will hate the one and love the other, or he will be de- voted to the one and despise the other” (Luke 16:13). This is manifested in the hypocrisy of the Crusader public, who “religiously” call to slogans of peace and love, certainly hating and despising the Law of Moses and the Gospel of Jesus, as they favor the law of de- mocracy and the resolutions of the United Nations. The clear difference between Muslims and the cor- rupt and deviant Jews and Christians is that Muslims are not ashamed of abiding by the rules sent down from their Lord regarding war and enforcement of di- vine law. So if it were the Muslims, instead of the Cru- saders, who had fought the Japanese and Vietnamese or invaded the lands of the Native Americans, there would have been no regrets in killing and enslaving those therein. And since those mujahidin would have done so bound by the Law, they would have been thorough and without some “politically correct” need to apologize years later. The Japanese, for example, would have been forcefully converted to Islam from their pagan ways – and if they stubbornly declined, perhaps another nuke would change their mind. The Vietnamese would likewise be offered Islam or beds of napalm. As for the Native Americans – after the slaughter of their men, those who would favor small- pox to surrendering to the Lord – then the Muslims would have taken their surviving women and children as slaves, raising the children as model Muslims and 
Abu Hurayrah  narrated that Allah’s Messenger g said, “By the One in whose Hand is my soul, very soon shall the Son of Maryam descend in your midst, being an equitable judge. He shall break the cross, kill the swine, and put aside the jizyah. Wealth shall flow until no one accepts it, and until a single prostration will be more beloved than the world and all that it contains.” Abu Hurayrah then said, “Read if you wish, ‘There is no one from the People of the Scripture, except that he shall believe in him before his death; and on the Day of Resurrection, he shall be a witness against them’ (An-Nisa 159)” (Al-Bukhari and Muslim). 
